Hello, just wondering which travel insurance you guys use that really work? In the fall we had a two week vacation to Europe, involved four United flights. First got canceled, ergo the second one we missed. Took three other ones instead. On the trip back two flights were planned. Both got canceled even though they were confirmed about three times. Had to take another airline back, skipped last flight and took the train back instead. Had paid for the overseas flight extra for economy plus seats and of course didn't get them since the flight got canceled and we flew with another carrier. Paid $700 for travel insurance, didn't see a penny. Thanks, Undine
Hi! Among all the US airlines, which offers the best service and reliability? I've heard horrid stories abt flight cancellation, delays, poor service, bad air plane conditions etc. We'll be taking a 6 hr flight from SFO to MCO (Orlando), with 3 kids. Appreciate the feedback. thks v much!!
Hi, can anyone help. I have never travelled with ryanair before, or checked in online. If you don't have your boarding pass its £60 for a re-issue at the airport so don't want that to happen. I have checked in and printed my boarding pass but its only for the outward journey to Malta. Should I have one to come back or is the pass issued at Valletta. Tried customer services but can never get through. Thanks
i am having a problem finding web sites that have multi city flights.is it better to book one way from each airport? thanks
Hi everyone, A quick question - we have booked through BA to travel to Bali, via Changi. We're flying British Airways from LHR to Singapore, but our connecting flight is on Jetstar, and as we have quite a long time between flights in Changi (12 hours), we would like to make use of the transit hotel. However, as we will not be checked in from London straight through to Bali, we will have to reclaim our bags from the BA flight and then check in to the Jetstar one. As far as I can tell, both airlines use Terminal 1. My question is: will we be classed as transit passengers and therefore be able to use the transit hotel? My concern is that we will have to clear immigration in order to collect our bags, but then find that we are stuck landside and unable to use the hotel because check-in for our Jetstar flight to Bali doesn't open until several hours after our flight from London arrives. If anyone could put my mind at rest I'd be most grateful - thank you!
Hey, I'm going to Japan on the 24th of June for 5 weeks to summer school and I have stopovers in Amsterdam in the Netherlands and Seoul in South Korea before finally arriving in Japan. I'm only staying for around 2-3 hours during my stopovers and won't be leaving the airports. My question is if I need to reclaim my luggage at each stopover and check it in again or will it simply just be transferred to the next flight? My airlines are KLM (for the flight to Amsterdam) and Korean Air (to Seoul and Japan), and I only have one reservation number and paid for my whole trip on Expedia so I think my flights are all on one boarding pass but I'm not sure. Thank you in advance!
Hi there Can anyone advise on Finnair's in flight entertainment. Mainly would like to know if they have personal and if so, how is the choice of movies avaialble. Looks like the planes are 747-400 & A330. The route is SYD to BKK to HEL to VIE and vice versa. Many thanks
My Christmas gift to my parents is that I'm flying them from the US to Germany to visit me this summer. However, I'm not quite sure how to buy travel insurance to cover trip cancellation for the plane tickets which are quite expensive now due to rising fuel costs. Would I buy trip insurance from Germany? Or would they buy trip insurance from the US? Also I've yet to hear any good stories about any travel insurance company so any personal experiences would be much appreciated. Thank you!
Hey all, I`m after a bit of advice from seasoned travellers. We have the chance to go to Vegas in September this year, is there any chance of a BA / VIRGIN sale that would include Sept flights? We don`t travel much but I think they had a sale around June last year?? If not I can just book with AA but would prefer direct if possible, but not for an extra £250 pp! Any help or advice much appreciated.
I was researching 1 way fairs between jfk and London on kayak.I saw several flights listed under Finnair but operated by British airways for 590.But when I check the same flights on any other site it was over 1400.they are all direct flights.i usually only use kayak for reaearch.have never booked with them.should this much lower price be regarded as reliable? Thank you
Hi there, we are considering flying from London to Mombasa with Condor. The flight stops in Frankfurt on the way. I've seen some negative reviews. The price comes up in euros but it is still a good deal. Can anyone let me know their experiences with Condor? Thank you
"Hello, I am ready to book my flight to Dubai and see that Emirates has a ""Promotional Offer?"" box on its reservation page. Does anyone know how to find out about these offers? Thanks for your help! -----"
I have always read only bad reviews on Alitalia and vowed never to fly them. Now my company has booked me a one way ticket from YYZ toFCO. I have offered to pay the difference to pay for the air canada flight on the same day but just in case - can anyone offer me any positives. It will be economy class Thanks Terry
Recently chose the select your seats option with thomsons for our flight to rhodes in july was told my selection would become available 90 days prior to our return flight which was 18th april they emailed me with the seating plan which i tried several seats on the plane but just kept coming up seats unavailable because my party not sitting together which we were then phoned thomsons and they went on about flight numbers changing which was causing the problem and assured me that this would be solved by monday has anybody else had these problems before and as i am travelling down from scotland to manchester i am a bit apprehensive about booking traih just now until flights and such are confirmed. any advice on this would be welcomed. thanks in advance ------
Hi - thinking of taking own full size pillow on flight to try for comfort. Hoping to sleep. I have lorazepam and motion sickness wafer to take. Anything else I could do? Thanks
Hi i`ve booked my holiday with Super Escapes but i fly with easyJet. Super Escapes want to charge me £68 to add 1 suitcase to the hold. Is it possible to add and pay for a case to the hold via easyJet or do i need to do it via Super Escapes? So far i can`t get a clear reply or answer off either company, easyJet say add it via `manage your bookings` but i don`t have a suitable booking reference number. But i don`t want to pay £68 if i can book it via easyJet for half the price. Any help or advice would be greatly appreciated. Thank you.
After a few tense days of waiting for an outcome, USAirways International Customer Service has come through with shining colors. I accidently entered my last name on my mother's reservation to Italy and the mistake was not caught immediately. After reporting the problem via their website, I searched the internet to find all kinds of horrible results to similar situations including having to repurchase the ticket (without refund) at the current going rate. The current rate is now $500 more than it was a week ago! I would like to thank Shirley from International Reservations for her diligent persistence in helping me to correct a name error. Without her help, I would still be worrying whether TSA would allow my mother to fly with the ticket on which I incorrectly entered my last name instead of hers. Shirley was great and fixed the problem with no issue. She was polite during the entire transaction and gave me updates along the way so I would feel comfortable on hold. Thanks again for her help. Also, thank you to Dan from Internet Support for starting the correction process.
2 seniors flying to the uk from melbourne aus,return,do not wish to do economy, prefer business or premium economy, one senior with walking stick, and i know all the procedures and requests etc pertaining to the assistance. for 50 yr anniversary. am looking at the following narrowed down after research aplenty thai airlines business class melb bgk london virgin atlantic premium economy sydney hkg london british airways world traveller plus melb into london via sigpre and gulf air business class sydney bahrain london may stoppver just for 1 night each way to break the flight limos to and from airports for stopovers this will be travel sept oct 2007, and yes some airlines have released their fares for that time already. any suggestions, comments please, anyone thanks much Lil xx
hi all, i will be landing into singapore from bali at 20.15 in the evening and flying out on emirates to london at 21.45 cutting it close i know! i will have checked baggage, so emirates website says 90 minutes, but what i cannot find out is whether i would have to leave the airport as an arrival from bali, and then walk back in as a checkin departure for london? i am hoping that i can transfer internally quicker, i will have checked in online for emirates but not have a boarding pass - i have booked the 2 flights with different companies myself so it is not an airline transfer (like the one i will be doing in dubai on emirates) thanks in advance! ---
My mother (who has balance issues and walks with a cane) plans to fly alone to visit relatives out of state. I know I can arrange for a wheelchair at the airport so that she won't have to walk the long distance through the terminal to the gate. My problem is that I would like to accompany her to the gate and wait with her for her flight, so that if she needs to use the bathroom (which is a very frequent need for her) while waiting, I can help her get to the restroom safely. I believe, however, that since 9/11 only ticketed passengers are allowed to go through security to the gate. Does anyone know if there are any exceptions made to this rule, and if so how to arrange this? The airport that she will be flying out of is LaGuardia in NYC. Thank you for your help.
I hope I am posting in the correct forum... if not... please pardon me. My trip is: 7/12 and 13 Venice (via Milan) 7/14-15-16 Dublin 7/17-18-19-20 London Anyway, I have had a horrible horrible time trying to find a flight from Venice to Dublin...so I have decided to train it back to Milan and take Air France 1215 at 1pm connecting at CDG with a one hour five minute layover and then continuing on at 330pm to Dublin arriving at 4:35pm. My question is... do I have to go through immigration again at CDG since Ireland is not part of Schengen Agreement? I hate CDG airport but I have no way to avoid it. However, I don't want to get caught at CDG. The MXP-CDG flight arrives terminal 2F and CDG-DUB departs 2E (I might have those backwards) according to Air France's website. If anybody can help me on this connection, I would appreciate it. I have traveled through CDG many times but I have always been arriving from the US and not from within Europe so I really never paid much attention. Thanks.
Hi, As information for any US passport holder or future applicant. New passport fees will become effective from 13 July 2010 onward. This is for all applications lodged *on or after* this date. Remember if you use a passport acceptance office (like a US post office) or one of the regional Department of State Passport Offices, it's the date on which you actually file or submit your application that will determine the fee matrix. If you are eligible to, and use regular US Mail for submission, it's the post mark date that will govern. Note that the one of the biggest increases (expressed as percentage) is in the additional page insert fee, which goes from *free* to $82 per insert added. Here's the entire new fee matrix from the DoS' Passport Services page: travel.state.gov/passport/fees/fees_5079.html If your passport is going to expire soon, will have less than 6 months validity, or you need to add extra pages, this would be an *excellent* time to do so, before the new fee matrix becomes applicable. Travel Safe,
I need to buy an internal US flight with AA. I will have a bag to check and am aware of the fee. Can anyone tell me at what point in the online buying process am I menat to advise I have a bag to check? I've tried a couple of dummy bookings and get to the payment page none the wiser. I don't want to show up and be told I need to pay more because I failed to advise them beforehand. I have emailed AA but given it's now the weekend, I am hoping my fellow TAers might know. Thanks in advance.
hiya all im flying back from kuala lumpur via dubai to manchester the first leg to dubai im in economy class but the second leg iv upgraded useing my skywards miles to business class my question is will i be able to use the emirates lounge at dubai airport before my business class flight home thanks ---------
Hello as a family of 4 we were thinking of picking the middle row 37 or 46. I have checked SeatGuru which says those seats MAY have limited recline but wonder if anyone has flown in either of those rows and could say what the recline was like ? Many thanks , -----
Hi all, probably a stupid question but it will put my mind at ease. I have booked on a United flight, just entered the details went to add something else and it has wiped all my passport and address details. I went back in again and it has wiped it all again.Does it actually save it? Thanks.
i booked flights Belfast to sydney on jan 4th 2016. I never noticed that I fly from Belfast to gatwick but then have to get to Heathrow for my connecting flight. I have 3hrs and 10 mins between flights to pick up my luggage, make it from gatwick to Heathrow and re check in. Is this do-able?? Any advise would be great Thanks
Hello all, can you help!!! Me my wife and two children,tried to check in on saturday,from Casablanca to heathrow,we were told the flight was full and we would have to come back the following day or go Iberia via Madrid. we of couse complained but the check in staff basically laughed at us,so we got the flight via madrid at much distress to my family. We had boked these seats months in advance . Is there anything i can do to compensate us for this,our food we had to buy at Madrid Airport and the extra parking charges at Heathrow,oh and the flight from madrid to Heathrow was delayed one hour also !!Thanks
Hi, we are travelling to Tobago next week with Virgin I am tempted to book the V Room, online is quoted as £20 per person Is it worth it? Thanks for your comments
Hi there, was wondering fi someone could help me out. I'm flying to chicago from dublin on a 3C2 Aerlingus plane and trying to find if there are power ports to use my laptop in economy? When I travelled to New York from Belfast on Continental there were actual plugs to use and charge my laptop but aerlingus says they do not have these. Therefore, I looked on the apple website and they claim that my laptop can be used if there is a EmPower port available but I cannot see if this plane has it? Would be really great if somone could help me out. Thanks, Patrick
Hi, Because I like to be over prepared and am flying with 2 kids, I am tying to find out how a flight goes in terms of when meals are given out and lights out or any thing else of importance. Might sound silly to some but knowledge makes me less anxious. Melbourne to Los Angeles economy flight, 9.15 am departure. Thank you. Edited: 1:56 am, January 04, 2016
Hi ! Me and my wife are flying from Stockholm to Cape town via Istanbul and Jo-burg on the 26th of january 2012 and return flight the same route back to Stockholm on the 12 of february 2012. Is it possible to prebook seats. With best regards --------------- / member of Star Alliance
Hi I am looking to book flights fom Heathrow to JFK. If I book tickets on the Delta website for a flight operated by Virgin it works out almost £150 cheaper than if I book via virgin Atlantic and approx £100 pounds cheaper than buying through Expedia. Apart from booking through a different airlines website will my trip be any different than booking direct with Virgin. I haven't travelled on a code share flight since I was a child. I intend to travel premium economy if that makes any difference. Thanks Alec
Hi guys, I just wanna ask if someone has same problem like I do. I can't get on the official website of Vietnam Airlines, www.vietnamairlines.com. I bought tickets with them and I wanted to check dome informations, but I can't get anywhere. It repost it on google.dodo.com.au/search.html… and that's it. No way to get there. Any ideas what happened? Im quite nervous, because it's first time I will fly with these guys and this is not good sign. Thank you
Hi we re flying from malta to barcelona and then to tenerife - we plan to use ryanair. with us we re taking our 1 year old girl. i m not sure on how to transport her milk feeds, as no liquids r allowed in d hand luggage. i ve read u have to use a zipper bag but i cant understand how and why. maybe someone has been through that before and can help me. thanks for any info u can give me.
So I got these free drink coupons in the mail from earning a free flight.. I have a morning flight into Vegas. If I order a drink do they make it for you or do they give you the little bottles.. I really don't think I'll want a drink that early, but was thinkin it might be nice to have a bottle of vodka or rum to make a drink later. As much as I have flown with SWA you'd think I'd remember how people get their drinks! I have only ever ordered a pop and once I got wine.. which did come in the lil plastic cup. Thanks!
Hi, does anyone know when Flybe release flights for on and after Oct 27th? Flying Birmingham-Edinburgh Oct 25th and can get outbound flight. Want to come back Oct 27th but no flights as yet. Thanks, not sure whether to book outbound as a good price. No contact us email on website just 10p per minute telephone number. Many thanks....Di x
My husband and I are flying Manchester-Singapore then Singapore-Auckland in December. Had a panic - does the airline provide headphones to be able to watch films or do we need to take them with us?! When we flew with Air NZ they were provided but someone said they had flown long haul and not had them provided. Thanks in advance.
I am from India and planning to visit Brazil for FIFA World Cup in the month of June. i have been trying many website links of the domestic flights of Brazil like TAM, GOL, Avianca, Azul and even used expedia.com to book my flights tickets from Sao Paulo to Porto Alegre, Porto Alegre to Salvador and Salvador to Sao Paulo. I could select the timings by using a translator plug-in in the browser as some websites are not in English language. And when the payment options comes, my credit card (VISA) issued from the Bank in India is not being accepted. I have created PayPal account especially for such international transactions but this account is not acceptable by any of those websites above. Please share me your thoughts how to proceed in booking domestic flights of Brazil. Thank you.
hi, can anyone share their experience with thomas Cook premium cabin? I've flown with thomson in premium before and loved it. Just not sure about tc? I believe the cabins are being refurbed from this may, so I'm just wondered about the overall experience with Thomas Cook :) We've booked the middle 3 seats right at the front of the cabin, travelling with my hubby and our littleone whos 3years, so I'm hoping the space and entertainment will be easier for us. Thanks for any advise Sarah
Hello everyone! My fiancé and I are traveling to Maui next May to get married. I am planning on booking flights with United since I have enough miles to upgrade us to first class. I just wondered if anyone has flow this route and could give me a review of the first class cabin. Thanks :)
I booked 2 weeks 5 * to Turkey in September 06. On the booking form there was no mention of luggage allowance. So I called the call center and was told that they had no information about luggage allowance and that it would be printed on my tickets. Now is the time to pay the balance and I have again enquired about baggage to be told its only 15Kgs and even worse that I selected this allowance when booking. This is crazy !!!. I have checked the online booking form today and you can clearly see the baggage allowance. This must have changed. can anyone help me !! Many thanks Gary.
We are booked in first class for our JFK-LHR flight. Currently we are in the middle (2D-2G). There are 2 window seats available in 1J and 2J. We are a couple, have been together 10 years and will see each other 24/7 everyday for the 18 day trip -- so there is no need to sit next to one another on the flight :) Unless of course the seats we are in are better than the 2 window seats. I'm not bothered by 1J being behind the bathroom, but are there other differences to consider? Thanks!
I am looking at a flight routed IAD-IST-EBB. I will fly Turkish Air the entire way. I have never been through Istanbul's airport. I have 1 hour 55 minute layover. Flying solo. Should this be enough time to make the connection? Thanks-chris
I've been comparing air-fairs and Aeroflot has always been the cheapest. I've avoided this airline for so long, because everybody I know told me to basically avoid Aeroflot unless absolutely necessary. I'm looking for a decent ticket for my fly between North Europe and Tokyo. The cheaper the better when it comes to price, but flight duration is more important to me. I just looked up and the fastest is with either Aeroflot or Finnair for this route. But there is a huge price difference (Aeroflot is offering one-way tickets for 1/3 of Finnair's price). My dilemma is that other routs are much longer than these. I don't want to have a layover in Continental Europe because that becomes a detour. But Finnair's prices are more expensive than other airlines that offer flights from Europe to Tokyo. I'm debating if it's safe to fly with Aeroflot... I've seen comments that say it's not that bad any more. But then again, I hear horrific stories. If you've flown with Aeroflot recently, I'd love to hear your story, especially between Moscow-Tokyo. Thanks!
Hello! I am travelling from Europe to Rio de Janeiro, and would like to get an advice on the comfort of the Business Class. What would you recommend? - Amsterdam-Rio with KLM Boeing 777-200ER - Frankfurt-Rio with Luifthansa Airbus A340-300 - Paris-Rio with Air France Boeing 747-400 I will be travelling with 2 kids – 3.5 and 1.5 years old. Thanks in advance!
Friend travelling from Manchester to Delhi - Travel agent has booked BA From Manchester to LHR Jet airways LHR to Delhi return. They know they have to change terminals at LHR but will the luggage go straight through? Thanks
Hello all will need to get to either of these destinations next July and noticed on Ryanairs website they fly here from Liverpool. No availability as yet on their website could anyone tell me when these flights might start to go on sale. Many thanks for any info. Regards DilbertPhilbert
We fly (hopefully!) from BOS-BWI-CUN on Friday. More snow Thurs night after being walloped this week again. Hopefully it will be a glancing blow of snow and we're ok. But of course I'm nervous! We have a 3 hr layover (9am-noon) in BWI. If we don't make the Noon flight, there are no more out that day. I know 3 hours is plenty, but in the event of a delay, I'd love to have it clear in my head exactly what we should be doing once we're off the plane in BWI. Any advice? We're flying Southwest, one ticket. Thank you!
When I have received my online ticket my surname is correct but my first name is my first and middle added together without a space. Is this normal as I know they are strict on correct spelling. At no point have I entered my name in this form. Thanks for your help. I'm only on my mobile so dont want the expense of calling BA if possible.
Hi All, Wife and I are flying to majorca with Thompson for the first time, we have the free 15kg checked bags allowance each. my question is can we take hand luggage upto 10kg for free? Thanks in advance Kam
Hi All, I'm the director of a non-profit music group and we are organizing a concert tour to Austria and the Czech Republic in July 2011. We are looking for online places or airline companies with the best prices on flights. We will be booking about 25 airline tickets. We'll be traveling from Edmonton, Alberta, Canada to Munich, Germany...and returning from Prague, Czech Republic to Edmonton. Any suggestions of websites that offer good prices? Thanks a bunch! Christina
Wife and I are flying Lufthansa non-stop from US to Munich.....courious as to if beer, wine and spirits are included in their beverage service in coach. Thanks
Hi, I am travelling by Delta and bringing breast milk back. Does anybody have any experience if they let you take it in the carry-on? I will have 1 weeks worth volume. Thanks
Hi I would like help on finding a good travel company. Thank you
We will be flying BA Club Europe from FCO to LHR and then on to Miami in Club World. Since our FCO departure is at 8:15 how early will check-in desks be open? We always allow the minimum 3 hours when flying back to the States but don't want to rush over at 5:15 if counters will not be open until 2 hours before. Thanks!
Hi We are about to book the terminal 2 airport lounge. As you have to state an entry time.... Does anyone know what happens if your tour operator (Olympic in our case) changes your flight times. Just the time of our flight has changed twice since we booked. Thanks.
Hi, I will be flying from South Korea to USA come August 2011. I am looking for an airline that allows you to bring 2 small pets (cats) as carry-on baggage. Most allow 1, but I have not seen any that specifically say they allow 2. Any help is appreciated. Thanks much.
My 16 year old daughters child passport runs out first week of July but were wanting to travel to Majorca 3rd April for 5 days. My question is will that be ok on her passport? I have read that Spain does not require you to have 6 month validity but I want to make sure before I book anything (it's sat night so I can't ring passport office lol) Thank you
can anyone tell me the luggage allowance on a flight with continental from manchester to usa i cant find it anywhere on my e ticket or on their website thanks
Booking a flight UK to Philadelphia outward..... return leg is not a problem as no US immigration to navigate. I have not passed through Philadelphia for many years approx 12 years and I cant recall how long the lines were, anyone done this route recently?. I have several connecting flights options to choose from but I am very mindful of possible long US Immigration/TSA lines therefore I want to choose correct flight rather than stress about connections 'will I wont I scenario' make this connection Thanks
Hi We are flying on Sunday with Air Asia to KL then on to London. Does anybody know if at Melbourne and LCCT whether you can take your stroller to the gate, or do they check it in with baggage at your initial check in? Any advice welcome as we're travelling with our 19 month old and flight are very late at night so hopefully she'll be asleep in the stroller (and I want to keep it that way!). TIA Dawn
I'm desperate for am answer to this question, is there a size limit on checked baggage? I see the size for carry on bags and I know there is a weight restriction. I purchased the 20kg checked bag option but I have a very large suitcase and I want to be sure it won't be a problem to check. Thanks!
Good Morning, i will fly to Tokyo in August with British Airways in code share with Japan Airlines. I would like to contact JAL in order to have the chance to reserve my seat on the plane before the online check in. Do anybody know an email adress where i can contact them? I found a UK phone number but it would be very expansive to call it from Italy. Many thanks Nik
Am I allowed to do this without breaking any rules / laws Can I book 2 Business Class flights as a return to Sidney & include an apartment @ £x + in addition buy just 2 economy seats for our girl & BF which would be on a Multi City which includes a trip up to Cairns , that way we are not paying 4 lots for flight & apartment ,just 2 lots for the apartment Im looking to do this to get the best deal with the Apartment as when I book with Expedia I can’t book Apartment with a Multicity booking. Then I book 2 seats from Sydney to Cairns return (on same flight as Daughter &BF) with another apartment for which the 4 of us stay in! Any thoughts if you understand my question as that way I seem to get the most economical way of the 4 of us with accommodation Thanks
Hi All, Me and my fiance are getting married next month in Thailand, and are travelling with Emirates via Dubai. I wish to take a small amount of my Fathers ashes with me, to scatter prior the the ceremony so a part of him is there with us on our special day, and was wondering if there are any restrictions, or specific protocol regarding this? I am more than happy to put a small amount of his ashes in a suitable spill proof container, and pack them in my hold luggage, so was wondering if it is necessary to inform the airline, and bring all of the documentation (death certificate etc) as it will only be a very small amount in a tiny box, packed in my suitcase. Any information greatly appreciated! :-)
I am lucky enough to be going on a Swiss star alliance around the world starting in May, Strangely the first leg of this trip is on Cathay Pacific (not a star alliance airline) from Brisbane to Hong Kong via Cairns. Will I be able to use their (CP) lounge in Brisbane and Cairns, time permitting on my G.C. ????? Not sure but would like to know in advance. Many thanks.
I travelled with BA in December from Heathrow to JFK and found it very good. I am returning in August and hoped to go again with BA but the times/prices available are not as good as with Delta. Has anybody used Delta and is it as good as BA? Thanks.
Dear All, Could somebody let me know what is a safe, reliable and reasonably cheap flight option from Buenos Aires to Rio de Janeiro? I am thinking about TAP Portugal or TAM Linhas Aereas. From what I have read so far on-line Aerolineas Argentinas should be best avoided for unpredictable and long delays. The punctuality is quite important for me as I need to catch another plane in Rio to go back to Europe. Thanks, Lidia
Hi does anyone know of any current parking promo codes at Leeds Bradford airport. Thanks Tony
Hi - I am looking at flying from Atlanta to Houston TX and then to Calgary Alberta Canada in June. The flight that I'm looking at says that there is a 1 hour in between flights in Houston. I'm not sure when I go through Customs/Immigrations so I'm not sure if this is enough time to get through and make my connecting flight. Does anyone have any idea when you would go through customs on this flight plan? Thank you Maureen
Flying to Paphos from Bristol airport. First choice. What should we expect the good and the bad your experiences would be good to hear. Many thanksxx
May seem crazy to ask ='(....Just booked our flight thru Delta last week for this coming April. I see that the same flight is now $100.00 cheaper..........Will they give me the price that is offered now if I were to call and ask about it??? Thanks............I know hotels will do this but not sure about airlines. Thanks !
Hi, I am travelling from NCL to LHR next week for our connecting flight to JFK. I will have checked in online as this is what BA have advised but how long before the flight should I arrive at NCL airport, as Ive been told domestic flights 90 minutes, long haul flights 3 hours? Many Thanks, Emma
Looking to do 5 night trip to New York next Easter. Best price at present is with BA (NCL to LHR to JFK) £540. Should we wait for Xmas/new year sale? Have checked Aer Lingus too but long change over time in Dublin. Thanks
"Can I travel, within Europe, on a plane, with a 7"" electric fan in my hand luggage? My husband cannot use air conditioning. Thank you."
We flew Easy Jet a week before Christmas from Luton to Faro, I had two small suitcases one of 7 kilos and one of 10 kilos, check in at Luton was fast and friendly, however on the return journey at check-in at Faro airport, they refused my identical pieces/weight and wanted to charge me for the second item, resulting in my having to throw away expensive cosmetics and a bottle of wine and to carry as hand baggage. Have written by recorded letter to Easy Jet head office, no reply after a month, does anyone have any suggestions for me, I am still angry with Easy Jet, many thanks Stuart W
Hi all i recently booked a holiday to tenerife, the flight is from glasgow and the operator is ThomsonFly. my problem is that the ticket says Miss instead of Mr. i would like to know if i can still check in with no problems? if it makes any odds i am not the lead passenger. i phoned thomsonfly who say there shouldnt be a problem, but to clarify with onthebeach.com (whom i booked through) but they want to rob me of a £65 ammendment fee!! can anyone with any knowledge or experience please help. Thanks Grant
Hotel compensation request A few hours ago, Vueling airline Informed me that my today's flight(1st July) from Geneva to Barcelone (VY6202) will not operate due to strike and they will change my flight onto the next available flight. I called them and the only available flight is tomorrow night (more than 24 hours delay), I confirmed the change anyway. As a result, I missed my hotel booking (non-refundable) and almost my weekend holiday in Barcelone. The question is am I eligible for any refund for my hotel? Thanks Edited: 11:32 am, July 01, 2016
Flying on an emirates flight booked through Qantas. Anybody know whose baggage allowance I should follow? Emirates is 30kg but Qantas states only 23kg. No response from either customer service yet.... Thanks in advance
Looking for suggestions regarding hotels to stay in for a 4 night visit to San Francisco mid range and possibly with a pool. Never been before so not sure of the best area to be in for visiting all the sights. Thanks
I live near Boston. I'm going to Venice in early June for the Venice Biennale. I'll be spending about a week there and I'd like to stop in Barcelona, Spain, on my way home because I've never been there and I've heard wonderful things about it. An additional twist - most flights from Boston to Europe leave in the early evening and fly overnight and I usually can't sleep sitting in a plane, so I'm thinking of booking that leg in business or first class to get a lay-flat seat for sleeping. But all the other flights can be economy-class. What's my best strategy to get the best possible price(s) for this complicated arrangement? Thanks in advance!
We are trying to figure out which would be the best prem economy Air New Zealand 777-300 space seat (since they took out the one row) or Qantas Prem Economy. Any advice suggestions would be appreciated.
It's not long been available to view.... www.airlineratings.com One Aussie newspaper has given it a thumbs down ... would like to know your thoughts. Thanks.
Hi guys I have several United Club one-time passes left over from recent trips I have taken with them, and I was just curious as to whether I would be able to use them if I'm not flying with them. Example, im flying with Austrian next week out of Terminal 2 at Heathrow, would it be possible for me to use a pass to get into the United Club in T2 even though im not travelling United? Thanks :)
Does anyone have information whether United has converted all of its Boeing 777's Pacific international flights from recliner seats in business class to flat configurations. Thank you Jerry Mehlman
Hi there Can anyone tell me if BA serve Bacardi and diet coke onboard their domestic flights from Gatwick to Edinburgh? Thank you
I'm looking at flights on Delta between Portland and Rome. One option has us switching planes in Minneapolis, with a 40 minute connection time. The flight leaves PDX at 11:30 am. Do you think 40 minutes is a safe/comfortable connection time? Thanks!
I'm flying to and from the States over the summer and I was wondering whether these flights on Delta had inflight entertainment in the backs of seats or whether I had to put up with communal drop down ones. Thanks.
We are due to have a 7hr.overnight wait for connexion at T3. Would like to know about Lounges etc. Anywhere apart from the floor to stretch out and take a nap!! Thanx.
Hi I am travelling from London, UK to Australia in December but my Portuguese passport expires in April 2016 which means it will have 4 months left before it expires. I know that I can get into Australia as the passport just needs to be valid for the duration of my stay (2 weeks) but I am concerned that when I leave London I will have a problem as well as when I return to London. Does anyone know if that will be the case please? Thanks ------
Hi I am travelling from Birmingham to Dubai, and then on to Singapore 3 hours later. I don't know what the procedure is once I've landed in Dubai (T3) Can anyone give me a idea of what I do please? I'm feeling really anxious about getting my connecting flight. Thank you
Hi, flying to Goa next week and trying to find out what films will be showing as the online guide is still showing September/October. Many thanks
Bad publicity=results Great news! Air Canada has taken back some of the rouge flights down to Barbados. Our flight is on Feb 1st and we have gone from a 319 to a 767 and are now on a 77L. No more rouge!! at least not on the YYZ-BGI route (for some flights) I haven't done a lot of checking but I noticed equipment changes from early Dec. to end of Feb. for now. If you have a flight in that time period, check your seats. We haven't been notified yet but I did see that our seats are not blocked out and I can't change seats online. Guess that's a call to Air Canada. To those of you who helped us get Air Canada's attention by expressing our displeasure through CBC, CTA and the Competition Bureau as well as here and Flyertalk ... Thank you!
Does anyone know if there is a smoking area once you're through security at Luton airport? Thanks
Hi, I am travelling from cochin to Kuwait on this weekend, i went last nov with 30kg baggage for economy, now some ppl r saying its 20kg baggage, i see its mentioned 20kg in their site, but it was the same on their site when i travelled in Nov with 30kg. Can someone pls clarify asap Thank you
Hey Jus a quick quetion im flying to dominican, does every seat have its own tv with remote so you can choose what u want to watch and when u want to watch it ? Thanks
My husband and I are planning a trip to Amsterdam and Paris in Sept 2013. We can be flexible with our dates and we were thinking of traveling after Labor Day. Is there a day of the week that is cheaper than others to fly and generally is it cheaper to fly from US to Paris or US to Amsterdam? We plan to book roundtrip tickets on the Thalys train to travel between the 2 cities. We appreciate any input that those experienced travelers can provide
Could someone please tell me which airline will be best to fly with to Mumbai. I will be traveling from either JFK/EWR or Washington IAD. Thanks.
We're due to fly easyjet, My husband's ticket has his middle name and surname, but not first name on ticket. All names are present on passport. All other details are correct. Will this matter? Thanks.
Hi I'm flying economy with Virgin Atlantic from Gatwick to Orlando,Florida. 2 Adults, 3 Children. Can any one tell me whether we have to purchase the headsets or whether they are free? Thanks!
I have a hold on a flight to Miami via JFK, arrives into JFK 2pm, Miami flight is at 5:15. Will this give me enough time to go through immigration? I am a UK national thanks
Hi there. As we all know, regularly airlines have offers of companionfares from/to certain destinations, such as book 2 and pay 1 or book 2 and one gets 50 pct discount....etc. Does anybody know of a good website that lists these companionfares and such? I've never seen a bookingengine come up with these fares, as these searchengines are not programmed to list them in a query. Maybe someone has other resources to search for these offers? Thanks very much for your replies Wiki
Hi everyone, I booked a separate seat for my infant (15-month-old), and I'm confused about the baggage allowance. If I have booked a seat for my infant, will I get another 20kg baggage allowance, or is that per adult, not per seat? Thank you.
I'm currently looking to book a flight (indirect) from Las Vegas to New Orleans and then a flight (direct) from New Orleans to New York. Both AA and United fly these routes and while AA is slightly cheaper, I was just wondering if it was worth the saving? Basically, I'm asking who I should book with out of the two companies. Any advice would be appreciated.
I wasn't sure what forfum to post this to so i hope I can get an answer here. I believe there is a site, maybe google, where.... Well let me say what i am looking for. I am going to 5 countries in Europe. I was hoping to look up things to do, restaurants, etc and plot them on a map for myself. There are a lot of preset things with peoples suggestions on the net but would be cool if i had just the stuff on there that I wanted so i can plot out my days. i have no problem researching and getting the address for things i want i just dont know how to load them on a map with pins or whatever... Can anyone help? Thanks
Hi, Has anyone flown Emirates recently? I've booked a flight to the UK next year and have seen some complaints about the removal of foot rests in Emirates planes and uncomfortable seating on long haul flights. I'd like to hear the experience of anyone who has flown with Emirates recently, thanks Sue
Hi all. I'm trying to plan a trip to Exuma. The only problem is my husband will go wherever I book, his only request/demands are it has to be a non stop flight and he requires business class . We live on Long Island and I'm having a hard time finding a non stop flight. My travel dates are flexible so no worries there. I'm even willing to drive to a different airport other than jfk if necessary (within reason). Can anybody please help me or point me in the right direction? Thanks in advance for any suggestions :)
I recently flew with Thomson and would never do so again. I flew with one checked bag at a meagre 20kg, and my usual hand luggage bag on wheels. All was perfectly fine on the way OUT (hand luggage was given a cursory glance and declared to be fine), but coming home was a different story. The officials at Crete weighed my hand luggage and found it to be overweight. I had NEVER had hand luggage weighed before, even on the Thomson flight out. I was sent to a different desk in order to check in my hand luggage as a second bag for the hold. I was told this would be €25 and begrudgingly agreed to this, pointing out that this had NOT been a problem on the way over for the SAME bag. Upon reaching the desk, I was told that ON TOP of the €25 I had to pay an amount per every kilo this bag weighed. I was presented with a total fee for checking in a very small hand-luggage sized bag, of....wait for it....€133! The staff were rude, dismissive and told me this was Thompson policy and the airline was rigorous in its baggage checks. This obviously only applies on your return flight, where you have no other option of leaving stuff, and struggle to understand the language and make yourself understood. I felt bullied and was reduced to tears. During discussion, I was told my flight was completely full - it was not. I was also told if I didn't pay up, the €133 would be taken from the pocket of the lady working on the Thomson desk! (really?!) There were other people queuing, all bitterly upset with the surcharges dumped on them for the return flight only. I eventually rectified the situation by donating my beach towels and books to Thomson, and wearing approx 4kg of my clothes, thus saving myself €133. Hideous end to a lovely week, all faith in Thomson GONE. PS credit to the amazing cabin crew staff who looked after me on the return flight - i could have hugged you all for your kindness.
I've been reading reviews over the net about HA and PAL. Hawaiian Air has way cheaper airfares for MNL-SFO, but at the same time I've been reading on some negative reviews from people who took Coach(economy) flights w/ them. As for PAL, their airfares are way up, although I have had no bad experience when flying w/ them. Its the price difference that's making me think of trying HA's service. Would love to hear how your trip went with Hawaiian Air or PAL. Thanks!
Long story short have fallen for a girl who lives near Seattle, WA and with the exorbitant price of flights to and from the US really I need help getting there. Tickets for an 18 hour connecting flight with a stop-off in Pennsylvania on comparison sites come out as £500 which is just ridiculous considering and Icelandair who do fly from Reykjavík for a well priced direct flight pose the problem of getting out to Reykjavík and getting home from Reykjavíc. Any tips for me looking, any money saving hints or little ways any of you might have saved money traveling to and from Europe or the US? I'm not an experienced flyer but can get to pretty much any airport in the UK if it saves me some money. Thanks. Edited: 12:09 pm, March 05, 2014
Hi! This fall, we're flying on Air France from Los Angeles to Barcelona (connecting at CDG) then returning a few weeks later out of Venice to Los Angeles (connecting at CDG). While I understand that most flights within Europe do not allow you to pre-select your seats, we're confused as to why the AF site will not let us select seats for the longer, international LAX to CDG segment of our travels. We were able to select seats for the international portion of our return trip but not the outbound. Can anyone help me figure this out, please? It is our honeymoon and we've purchased Premium Economy tickets. We're really hoping to sit together...and not in the middle of the 4-seat row. Thank you for your advice!
Hi, does anyone know if Ryanair are putting on flights for summer 2013 from Cork to Lanzarote??? They seem to have the flights to Tenerife, Fuerteventura etc. on sale already but none to Lanzarote from Cork. Thanks :)
Who can give me information about How and where I can buy a 144 hours Shanghai & 72 hours Hong Kong Visa for a KLM employee with a standby ticket? I am traveling from 09-08-2016 from Schiphol Amsterdam to Hong Kong till 15-08-2016 and will visit Shanghai till 20-08-2016. From there I traveling back to Amsterdam. I take my son (16 years) with me on this holiday and in Hong Kong I will visit my cousin! Greetings, ----- & ------- E-mail: ----------------------
Hey all Just saw flights from SFO-JFK with Delta for $168 USD no luggage for 22 July. Main Cabin. Is this a good price? I've only just started watching the internal flights and the next cheapest is $100 more. I'm only asking as wondering should I wait till after Christmas. I haven't been monitoring the flights and will jump on it if it's good. Thanks very much.
"Hi, Bit of a long shot... We booked back in March to go to for a family holiday Florida over the summer and we got very bad news yesterday. My mother in law has been diagnosed with stage 3b terminal lung cancer with life expectancy of 3-6mths and told no longer able to fly. We booked on Virgin via Expedia and neither company will even consider exchanging let alone refund for the single ticket. Both insist they would refund but are blaming each other's ""rules"" none of which deal with their customers as human beings. We have written to both Expedia & Virgin's customer relations as well as their CEOs, tweeted their Twitter accounts, our travel insurance only covers her if she passes away. Any other suggestions? All advice welcome."
Hey Guys, Just after opinions on what Cathay Pacific are like, i'm thinking of flying with them later this year from Australia to the UK and just after some general feedback on the airline. Thanks in advance!!
My sister wants to spend some time in Dubai on her way to Thailand. She plans to spend 2 days in Dubai. Is that enough time for Dubai? She is planning 9 days for Thailand. Please advise if she should increase the duration of her Dubai trip. Many thanks.
I'm taking my first trip to Europe in March, and about a month ago flights were priced at $ 817 from to TPA to MAD. Now they're $ 910. I think I should have booked when I first looked. My question for all of you who travel from the States to Europe frequently is: do you think I should book now or wait and see if prices go back down? I know they could also rise, but I'm not sure what a normal price would be. I know it's a crap shoot, but I'd like your advice on what you'd do. Thanks in advance for your help.
Hi What is the difference in these planes? Is one better than the other. Which one can travel the farthest? Boeing 787 dreamliner and Boeing 777 and Airbus 380 and the Airbus 350 Thanks
I have booked a weeks holiday with on the beach and they have informed me I need to check in on line prior to travelling. Apparently on the ryanair website you can only check in 7 days before unless you pay extra for allocated seats. As I dont need allocated seats and dont want to pay extra how do I print off my boarding passes 7 days before for my return flight if I am already on my way to spain. It says theres a charge if you dont print off your boarding passes thanks
Quick question.... My passport is a normal passport which was issue 5 years ago and expire 2013 it does not have a chip in it as i beleive chipped passports didnt not come in when i renewed my passport, is this passport ok to travel on because it doesnt havw a chip? its machine readable as it has all the numbers etc on the bottom of the photo page, ive tried various website etc for a answer and starting to panick now as im going in 2 weeks!! Ive completed my ESTA and that is fine Thanks in advance
Hi! Trying to see if anyone has flown on Lufthansa's A380 in premium economy cabin? Care to post your experience. Looking at flying SFO-DEL rt in summer on this. Relatively new service so hard to find any reviews. Infact, the Frankfurt-DEL A380 will start in April.Thanks in advance.
Hi :) Just wanting to find out, I am booked on flight QF25 melb to lax, it says there is a stopover in Auckland. This is my first time overseas so have no idea about this stuff! Does this mean that we get off the plane and change planes? Or is it just a quick stop and then leaving again? Thanks :)
I have over 100,000 points on a Chase Sapphire proffered card. I was under the impression that generally round trip domestic flights are around 25000 per round trip ticket. I just called Chase, and they said it would be around 100,000 points to fly round trip from Fort Myers Florida to Portland Oregon. They said it is based on the cost of the ticket. Am I missing something here? Any input would be greatly appreciated. Thanks. The dates we would like to travel are leaving Fort Myers on July 6th, and returning on July 18th.
Hi, I have previously been to Berlin (flew with Ryanair from London Stansted-SXF), but this time we are flying from heathrow to Tegel with Germanwings. With Ryanair, you are allowed 10kgs hand luggage + one small item (handbag/laptop etc) Does anyone know if Germanwings (from heathrow) allow this too? I checked the website and it mentioned only 1 piece of hand luggage with max weight of 8kg. However, when I called the helpline, the gentleman who seemed albeit a little confused by my accent, suggested that a lady is allowed a handbag too. He didn't sound very confident with this though... Has anyone flown this route before and had experience of taking two pieces through? Thanks in advance, -----
"Hi all, I'm a US citizen going from Newark to Santiago, Chile. I have a 14 hour overnight layover in Panama City airport and since I'm young and travel-hardy (and poor), I've just decided to suck it up and stay in the international terminal reading and getting some work done. My only concern is that I've seen some posts here and elsewhere that say for layovers lasting more than 12 hours I might need to ""check in"" with Panama somehow (go through some kind of customs/immigration?). Is that true, or can I just get off my plane, hang out for all that time in the terminal, and get on my next flight in the morning? Will anybody actually check up on how long I've been in the airport if I never try to enter the country? I will be checking a bag all the way to Santiago (aka, not picking up in Panama...). Thanks! Edited: 9:48 pm, July 19, 2013"
Hi all. I am travelling from Dublin to Seattle via San Francisco. I will clear us immigration at Dublin and then have a 6 hour wait at San Francisco. If I was to leave the airport would I have to clear immigration again? I am travelling with a young child so wouldn't want to make them go through immigration again (took almost 2 hours last time). Thanks in advance
Hi, In all my past travels I've always been on a single carrier from A to C via B, so for online checkin it's just been a case of checking in once for all sectors. This weekend I'm flying SYD to BKK (TG) to VIE (OS) to FRA (LH). It's all on the one reference number with OS flight numbers and LX (!!!) issued eTickets, so I'm not sure which site to do the Online Checkin, hopefully with the chance to choose my seats (particularly for the OS leg). Do I just check in on the OS site for all legs, or will I have to check in individually for each flight? Thanks ----
I'm at the early stages if planning a trip to California from UK Looking to fly fron Manchester or heathrow to any if the main California city airports . Will probably be going may/ June time and am looking for advice in best time to buy and route options that would give best deal . Any advice greatly appreciated
I just booked a flight from Portugal to Bagkok to me and a friend of mine at Bravofly but we didn't have to put our Passport number anywhere in the reservation... Is that normal?!? Thank you,
Hi there, I'm needing to change the date of birth on an AirAsia flight by spouse out the wrong year down for my birth date. I can't seem to find any information on it anywhere. Thanks -----
Hi, So..... Aer Lingus flights keep increasing in price since I checked at the start of July, Flights were €750 now €1133 for 2 from Dublin to Tenerife, anyone have any inside info lol or experience of them reducing back down in price closer to date??? Have had to leave booking late as my boyfriend is due for an operation and we were awaiting a date. Thanks
I will be traveling with a group of 15 - 24 Girl Scouts (girls and adults) in June 2011 from Saint Louis to Zurich. Any recommendations on the best place to get group travel rates? Thanks?
i have a friend who lives in london (but whose family is in new jersey) who is getting married soon. my friends and i were thinking of getting her an airline gift certificate as a wedding gift so that she can either go home or go somewhere fun in europe. any ideas? i've looked on british airways but they don't seem to offer gift certificates. and continental requires that you redeem gift certificates from the states. any ideas? thanks!
My bf and I will be flying Business Class NRT->HKG on CX505, we'd much prefer window seats, but the seatguru map for Cathay Pacific's Airbus A330-300 (333) shows our seats in 19A,19C to be Standard Economy Seats. Is that true or is that a typo? I called Cathay Pacific and they informed me all Business Class seats are recliners, and they all recline to the same capacity. Thanks!
Hi off to the usa in a few days can i put my aersol tins eg deodrant and hairspray in my suitcase or is that banned now.thanks
Hi Just booked a flight with Ryanair and cannot find an option to add Advanced Passenger Information anywhere, even in Manage my Booking. I usually travel with Easyjet so am used to filling in the information on their website. Where can I fill it in if travelling with Ryanair? I have heard that you now add all the details when checking in online instead of having a separate page to fill in whenever you like. However, I thought that API was required at least 48 hours before the flight time, yet Ryanair allow you to check in up to 4 hours before the flight leaves, so how does this work? Is there a well-hidden API option somewhere that I have missed? Many thanks in advance
"Hi I am planing to fly from Dublin to London on 26 Sep arriving at Terminal 2,i then have to connect in Terminal 2 for my connecting flight to Vancouver with a 1 hour """"between flight"""" time frame ,,i am flying with Air Canada partly operated by Air Lingus..ive never traveled this way before,so will i have enough time to connect ?? I will be buying the ticket online via a third party to travel with Air Canada..it states Air Canada ac9054 for the first part of the journey into Heathrow and Air Canada ac855 for the forwarding journey onto Vancouver,therefore do i have enough time to connect ? when i board at Dublin i will ask to forward my luggage all the way through.. Thank you"
Do you get BAEC tier points on Dragon Air flights? I've tried searching but can't seem to find the answer. Thanks
I was about to book a long haul uk/florida and have seen conflicting reviews Has anyone used them recentely I usually use virgin but there is a big family of us going and the price is a lot cheaper with TC any advise thanks
Can anyone tell me how are the onboard services on Alitalia flights to Rio de Janeiro ? Comparing to..let' s say Lufthansa and British Airways? Thanks .
I am planning a trip of Gainesville, FL- Miami - New York City. I only need to stay in Miami for one morning but I must go there. I see the funny point is that purchasing an one way ticket from Gainesville to NYC via Miami is way cheaper than purchasing a multi-city trip. However, there is no suitable time as transferring time is too short. I am wondering is it possible to search a ticket with one day transfer time? Thank you very much! Edited: 10:29 am, May 04, 2014
Will be arriving into KL LCCT at 5.30 am from Stansted and departing again for Gold Coast on the 9.10 pm flight. I understand the jet lag on the London to KL leg is quite bad. Could anyone suggest to me whether I should book a hotel, say Tune eg, for the stopover time or maybe just wait at the LCCT lounge for the day. I am worried that if I go to sleep I may not wake up for the flight home. Alternatively, would it be an option to go into KL for the day. Have been there before so am familiar with the airport etc. Just don't want to miss that homebound flight. Thanks in advance
Hi Folks I'm currently looking at flights to New Zealand via Tokyo where I intend to do stop-overs on the way there and back. Current best option by far is Austrian Airlines to Tokyo via Vienna. However the flight only has a transfer time of 45 mins at Vienna airport which leaves very little room - having never been to Vienna airport or flown with Austrian Airlines I don't know whether this is likely to be an issue? There is an alternative earlier flight to Vienna but unfortunately it's at 6am which means no sleep, an expensive transfer to the airport and a 4 hour wait at Vienna which significantly lengthens the flight. So no a very attractive alternative all round! Any thoughts appreciated.
We're of to Oz next December. Some friends of ours are hoping to come too but would prefer I pay for their flights in installments. Is this an option? Thanks!
Need advice asap, my flight is tomorrow ... May 4. I have horrible nerve pain in my feet, and typically need to apply frozen gel packs that wrap around them with velcro straps about every 2 hours so I can walk. (I'm traveling specifically to get into a clinical trial for my pain). They're the kind of gel packs that are sold specifically for pain, etc. Will these be allowed through security? There's no way they will be completely frozen when I go through - they never completely freeze anyway. I'm just desperate about how to ice my feet both on the plane, and in the airport where I have to change plans. I'm flying on United. Thank you!
We are planning our trip to New York end of August / beginning of September. I checked the airfares and Air Berlin seems to be very attractive (round trip from BUD around EUR 550). Air Berlin is said to be a low cost airline operated by Lufthansa (am I wrong?) so on one hand it seems to be fine, but still... Any experience? Thanx
We are looking at flying from Brisbane to LA and back to Honolulu on the way home to Brisbane in late June 2014. From what I can find Hawaiian airlines looks to be best option both price wise and that we don't have to go via Sydney. Would appreciate any comment on experience with this airline. Looking at that their website it appears that the in flight entertainment may be limited to either watching on the overhead screen or renting an ipad mini. Thanks
Would love to hear from you if you have any insight into the best way to plan my trip from Greensboro, North Carolina to Melbourne Australia in June 2011 via Honolulu, HI - airlines, days of travel, must see sights in Melbourne, etc. Any help would be appreciated. Thank you!
I plan to travel from Edinburgh to a European destination via Dublin outbound and Belfast International inbound. The reason for not flying direct is based on price and lack of availability. The outbound journey would allow us 2 hrs 5 mins to get the connecting flight in Dublin, and the inbound journey would allow us 1hr 55 mins to get the connecting flight in Belfast International. We will have hand luggage only. I am not familiar with the geography or logistics of either airport, and would welcome any feedback on whether our proposed travel plans are realistic. Thanks in advance. Edited: 8:55 am, January 08, 2015
We booked with easyjet and was a bit unsure - but they were great. We had no problems arrived for checked at correct time & was at the boarding gate 10mins before boarding. They allowed us be called with children under 5 for boarding (son is a few months over). Flight departed and arrived on time both directions. I wouldn't think twice about travelling with them again - thank you very much easyjet.
So, I am considering going to Los Angles later this year. I am just wondering, what is the best airline to take across the Pacific? I've only been on QANTAS personally. Could you please let me know what the best airline to take across the Pacific is? Thanks In Advance!
Okay, we are trying to use Skywards miles to buy an upgrade on Emirates, but so far no luck ( I am phoning them regularly). Alternatives are Qatar and I have asked about them before and received great feedback, or Etihad who are currently cheapest. However, all I am offered out of Melb with Etihad is the Boeing 777 for MEL-AUH. Any recent feedback on flying business class on Etihad's 777-300ER, long haul? I am very petite, but OH is rather tall and long legged. Thanks!
Hi, I have booked flights from Pisa to London via Rome on Alitalia in business class, however the Pisa/Rome sector is operated by Etihad regional and is economy only. I was curious whether there is still lounge access and dedicated check in at Pisa for passengers connecting onto business class flights/passengers with business tickets? Thanks!
Hi Wondering if anyone has travelled on the Dreamliner from Melbourne to Los Angeles with UA? Their prices are super competitive against Qantas and I'd prefer to avoid stops in Sydney so avoiding VA. Any advice appreciated.
Hi all - On our last LAX to LHR trip we were lucky enough to fly VS Upper Class and therefor were able to utilize the Air New Zealand lounge at LAX. We really enjoyed it and it was a great way to feel like the vacation has begun even before take off. Anyway, we will be flying VS again for our next trip but in PE this time. I was wondering if it is still possible to gain access to the lounge? Thanks so much, in advance, for your tips and suggestions!
Anyone have any experience flying Frontier Airlines out of Cincinnati? Particularly to Ft. Lauderdale? Looking to book a flight as a family and will be traveling with my seven and four year old children. The reviews didn't reflect well upon the carrier, and just want to get some feedback from anyone traveling them out of CVG. Thanks in advance!
We are travelling to Singapore, Australia and Bali next week and have just purchased two carry on bags size 55 x 35 x 20cm which for most airlines is fine!! However, we have just realised that two of the flights are with Virgin Blue and they stipulate 48 x 34 x 23cm!!! Any advice please?? Do we change the cases for smaller ones or can we chance it??? Thanks
Hi I am flying air Asia from Perth to Goa and have an 8hr stopover at kl can someone tell me the name of the hotel that you don't have to exit immigration to use. Thank you
I have a feeling that this may have been covered before but I cannot find anything. When is the best time to buy an airline ticket to Australia from the UK? We are planning a trip to Brisbane in July and August 2015 and I am wondering whether to buy the tickets now or to wait until a few months closer to the date. Current prices are round about £1300 which seems incredibly high. We are fairly flexible on dates, as long as they are in the school summer holidays. Most of the advice I can find (eg internet and talking to an agent) suggests buying now. Any help and advice much appreciated.
I am travelling next Tuesday and I will be missing a match I had tickets for, the least I want is to watch it on TV. Is there anywhere I can watch football live in Heathrow terminal 3, don't care about the environment just need to watch the match. Thanks
Hi, I am traveling from LAX to Italy by Frankfurt going 1st class with Lufthansa, was wondering if anyone has any good or bad things to say about them, thanks for your comments
We have booked a thomson flight (flight only). I've contacted thomson twice now and I've had a different response both times. I want to take my 2 year olds car seat. One thomson online advice person said that I may put my car seat in the hold for free (not included in my 20kg) if I did not take a pushchair. Another thomson support via email said that it would have to be included in my 20kg hold weight. Anyone know which one is correct or have checked a car seat in for free (when only booked flight and not on a thomson package). Many thanks for your help.
"So i know this was a HUGE thread last year,and probably still ongoing,but I didnt want to hijack it 80 pages in.... What are the latest thoughts on refusing to switch seats,especially when there's retaliation? My flight last night from JFK-FRA on Lufthansa was PACKED,and I guess a lot of people had their seats screwed up(so the pilot said as we were taxiing to the runway). I was on an aisle of a 4 seat section,and the guy next to me asked if I would switch with his wife,who was in the row ahead of us,in a middle seat. I declined,as I tend to be a somewhat anxious flyer(i dont show it,but I do need aisle access) and i reserved my seat 2 months ago. The guy was disgusted of course(the guy on the aisle seat next to the wife must also have refused) and proceeded to sit the entire flight with his legs in a V-position,leaving his left leg halfway under the seat in front of me.He also threw his blanket all over him so that it came into my seat(which i picked up and put over the side of his armrest-no fuss,just removed it from my lap) and stood in the aisle when i went to the restroom once and refused to let me back into my seat b/c ""he needed to stand."" I could have went to an FA,but it was a 6 hour flight and I didnt want any more issues. Plus I knew there was nowhere else to be moved. Thoughts?? Also,it was definitely a rude guy flight-the passenger in front of me reclined his seat ALL the way back(which is their right,I know,so i did the same)and complained to me that I was bumping the back of his seat everytime I moved around in my seat or got into my bag(which I did once or twice). I did tell him that if he pulled his seat forward he might not notice me as much,but he kept it where it was. Needless to say,the flight was just peachy. Lufthansa was fine,though,service was good despite the passengers. We had in seat entertainment,decent food,plenty of beverage service and free alcohol. Anyway,feedback is appreciated. ------"
I am trying to figure out the most cost effective way to travel this itinerary: Lax to Paris Paris to Rome Florence to Lax I can plug in a multiflight in Kyak and get a price listing mutiple carriers. I can also just do th LAX to Paris and Florence to PAris and get a price, and use ryan air from Paris to Rome. Just wanting input on what others did, what they found most conveniant and less expensive. I am not flying till OCtober,so I think the prices are coming out a bit high right now. Will purchase closer to July/August. I am leaning towards using Kyak and doing the mutileg just so I dont have to mess with booking ryanair. I appreciate any input.
Does anyone know if you get a leg rest (like lazy boy chair style recliner) in every row in the premier cabin? or is it just on the front row? Thanks
Hey all, I have a flight coming up on Wednesday and did not pay close attention to my transfer flight. I am flying from Des Moines, IA to Atlanta, GA to Los Angeles, CA. Unfortunately I see that my layover in Atlanta is 50min (which also includes the time to actually get off the plane). Is this enough time to get between two Delta flights, or should I expect to have to change it somewhere along my journey? Thanks!
We have a few options at the moment in booking a Melbourne to London flight for Dec/Jan this year. Etihad had the best return fares but have disappeared at the moment, with the next best being Malaysian, followed closely by BA and Cathay Pacific. For single flights, we can get the same prices, flying over with Singapore and returning with Etihad, BA, or Qantas. The costs for the two one-way fares is pretty similar to the return fares. Up until today I was pretty sure we would go with the one way fares, mainly because Singapore has such a good name and we could then try (mixed reviews) Etihad on the way home, or Qantas if we wanted the old faithful. What changed today was that Cathay has come into the game with a very competitive return fare and I have heard that they are on a par with Singapore. If this is right, it would seem that taking the Cathay return fare would be the best option. Would love to hear any opinions from those who have comparisons or experiences with any of the above. Thanks. ----
"I booked a round trip ticket (w/ 5 days in between departures) for 360.00 USD on virgin air. I heard wonderful things: ""Its modern"" ""Everyone is so friendly"" ""Free wifi"" ""great in flight entertainment"" "" Electrical outlets at every seat!"" I was sold! I thought I got a great deal ( never flown to nyc before and 360.00 seems like a steal) But now, im a little nervous. Maybe I've been reading too many reviews by 'difficult passangers' but I have heard : There is only free wifi on flights from sfo to jfk, all others must bay 13.00 usd most outlets don't work ( was a common complaint I've heard..) no free inflight drinks or snacks ( not even water?) inflight movies and ther entertainment are available for an undisclosed fee. Now, im not by any means a difficult passanger. I pay attention during the safety lecture, bring my own food and drinks as well as a book or two and most of all, I realize the flight attendants are there for safety and not to be a 'sky waitress' But after reading/ hearing all that I can't help but feel like I got a bad deal. I adore jetblue and I feel like I should have booked with them, I could have had a free cold drink mid flight and some basic cable incase I tire of reading. Im traveling with my elderly mother who walks with a cane and I have heard that VA may or may not allow an attendant with the person who is pre boarding. I worry that she may not want to board with out me or she may have a hard time navigating the rows alone. Do you think a attendant would be willing to walk slowly behind her incase she loses her balance? Im really just looking for some real experiences from agreeable passengers who have flown VA and, to see if I got the great deal I thought I did. Thanks for your help. ( and honesty!)"
"Im due to fly out of gatwick to las vegas in just over three weeks, i have got enough airmiles to upgrade to premium economy however when i called to do so they said i couldn't because i had got the wrong fair class/type (n apparently). My question is do you think they would potentially let me do it at check in, ie if they have premium economy seats left, they might aswell ""use up"" my points and let me upgrade, any help or experience of similar scenarios would be appreciated cheers!"
Hello, will be flying next month YVR - BKK via EVA Air, and we have the (older) 747-400 aircraft with the upper deck. we have seats in said upper deck.. Does anyone know if they happen to be equipped with USB ports for charging electronics? Thanks!
Is 1hour 30minutes enough time to connect international flights at CDG? I will be arriving from London at 9am and then connecting to LAX at 10:30am. Air France OK'd it saying 55 minutes is the minimum connection time, but really, so you think 1.5 hours is sufficient? Thanks!
A simple one: is there a bag drop for EVA airways at Heathrow for passengers who have checked-in online? Thanks.
Does anyone have any recent experience of flying to Canada with this airline, they are by far the cheapest, probably half price, but some of the previous reviews are not so good, feedback would be appreciated.
I can't seem to find any information on Sunwing and how large the seats are. Are they simular to Skyservice (Skysquish) or more like Air Transat and WestJet, or more generous like Air Canada? I am just trying to get a sense whether members of my party may require the seatbelt extenders, or if we are better off booking with another airline. Past experience has been that the seatbelt extenders were only required on SkyService, but no issues with economy class in the other airlines. Thank you!
I am scheduled to fly (all Continental) out of Harrisburg early Saturday morning to Newark to pick up an international flight. The Harrisburg to Newark flight has been canceled for the last two day and there are no other flights that would get me to Newark in time for our international flight. If I drive to Newark instead, will we have a problem just using that part of the ticket (Newark -> international)? I am worried that if I cancel my flight myself they might also cancel my international seat. I do have trip insurance through Expedia. Thank you for your advice, I am an infrequent flier.
"Hi everyone. I just booked a flight with Wizzair, and mistakenly left ""Mr."" instead of ""Mrs."" as the ""Title"" of my girlfriend. Do you think this is something to be corrected at all costs, or i can leave it as is? Thanks."
Question to all the experts out there. I'm due to fly BA from Heathrow to Las Vegas on Thursday 15th. Am I right in thinking that the cut off date for Unite to call further strikes is today? (8th) I do have a flexible ticket backup with Virgin but want to cancel that tomorrow if it's safe to! Thanks
Airlines are being ordered to pay compensation for long flight delays and claims can go back 6 years . I had a nightmare delay in June 2011 but cannot claim as i have very few details of the flight . Can anyone help ? The flight was a Thomson late night flight from Malaga to London (Gatwick I think ) in mid June 2011. When we got to the airport we were told the flight was subject to a long delay so we were taken to a hotel in Torremolinos for an overnight stay . The flight was delayed until the next afternoon . Does this ring a bell with anyone ???? Any help would be much appreciated Thanks
Hi, I have booked a flight to JFK from Manchester with Lufthansa. The flight will go from Manchester to Frankfurt and then connect on to another flight to JFK. Is the transfer process an easy one at Frankfurt? Thanks
Having trawled various sites we may be looking for something which is not available but if anyone can provide info it would be appreciated. Currently we have extended our annual travel cover to cover RTW trip. This is fine for all the main bits of cover but only covers missed intl flights from and to UK. Our insurer does not provide cover for the rest of our flights. Does anyone know if this cover is available or is it simply just make sure you don't miss a flight and/or hope the airline is accommodating if fates conspire against you. Happy New Year and thanks. Mike.
Hi I need to buy a one way flight from laguardia to Sarasota (direct only) price for a Sunday in May 15 is $142.00 is this a fair price. I know all about charges for baggage changes in policy (fees) next year so that does not need to be addressed on this question.Thanks Edited: 5:25 am, November 30, 2014
We are arriving from Amsterdam, Netherlands, in Boston at 4:55pm. Our connecting flight to JFK leaves Boston at 6:16pm...at a different terminal within Logan. I am concerned with getting through Immigration, Customs, etc, and getting to the domestic terminal in this short time. Our travel agent, and the airlines state this is a 'legal' connection, and there is no other connecting flight later that night. I am concerned that this is a legal connection for a 25- year- old that can run, but I am nudging 70 and my fastest pace is slow. Am I being needlessly concerned? Any advice is appreciated - thank you.
Hi All, I am new to international flight travel. I am flying from lexington (Kentucky) to India. I have a layover of 50 mins at Atlanta, where I get on to Air France. While coming to US I had some immigration procedure and I missed the flight. While returning do I have to go through any procedure of that kinds? Thanks in advance.
I am travelling overnight and need to get some sleep. Does anybody know whether the seat reclines fully to get a decent night's sleep? Thanks.
"Are there any restrictions in place with regards to reading electronic books on an airoplane (eg Kindle or iPad set to ""airplane safe mode"")? Thanks"
Hello , me and my friend oredered a ticked from e dreams yesterday. after i oredered the tickets i saw all the bad reviews here ( Too late :( ) y now in the begining we both got a mail said that there is a problem with the credit, after half an hour i got another mail that my payment is confirmed but my friend still waiting for the mail. now the flight is only next month, there is something i could do to make sure everything will be ok with the tickets?? thank you very much for reading
If doing sundown check in with Thomas Cook, will they offer exit seats or upgrades? We're flying Manchester to Vegas and haven't flown with then for long time. Would rather check in the night before if we can upgrade. Thanks
I just have a basic question. How would you rate ONT as an airport for how long luggage takes to get to the baggage claim or flights coming in, traffic, buisness, etc. Thanks in advance.
Hello, Traveling for first time with our 7 month old daughter this weekend. Going to Aruba for a week. Bought her a ticket on a Continental flight. Website says stroller dimensions must not exeed 62 inches folded...ours of course is about 10 inches over I think. Says they will charge $100. Does anyone know if this is really enforced? I just can't believe I will have to pay an extra $100 ON TOP of a ticket price for an infant! Any experiences or advice...PLEASE. Thanks Nicole
This shows up in Expedia as a business class, but I can't tell by looking at the description on Virgin Atlantic if it really is or more like eg united's economy plus which is the same coach seat but with a few inches more room. Could someone who has taken Virgin Atlantic's economy plus please describe it. Thanks
Hey, I posted a while ago about flights going to orlando in September with aerlingus from Dublin, there was a bug with website but it's fixed now :) The flight dates I want have just came out today (3rd to 17th sep) on the site but I don't know if it's best to book immediately or wait (working about €800 return). I have been watching the prices around those dates and I think the prices have suddenly went up (about €80) from the other day. Not sure if I should book now (to avoid further hikes) or wait for a sale? Thanks for any advice :)
I'm flying from Dublin to chicago in a few days and need to carry my laptop and tablet with me, my handbag isn't big enough for my laptop to fit into, would I be able to bring my handbag and a laptop bag rather than a handbag and carry on suitcase? Thanks
I have a current ESTA which I have used once, but do I have to advise them of my new dates of travel. Thank you.
So I've paid extra ££, already had 20kg now paid for extra 5kg. Im aware that the hold limit is 23kg. So i get 5kg for my carry on, however since I've paid for extra 5kgs can i add that to my carry on to make it 7kgs since I've paid for a extra 5kgs and can't use it for my hold bag?? Thanks.
Which airlines offer the best first-class amenities? A recent Am Airlines flight was very disappointing. (I reside in Virginia) Thanks for any any advice.
I've been looking at flights going to New York and returning from Barbados. I've found I can save £100 per person if I go from Dublin but I was wondering if I could skip the first leg of the journey as it goes to London which would be cheaper and easier for me to get too. Flight to New York Dublin 10am (aer lingus). < skip this leg London 1pm (virgin). < start my journey here Flight to uk Barbados 6:05pm (virgin) Hopefully this makes sense any help will be appreciated!!!!!
What is the rules in America if you miss ur flight due to a delay - all flights are with same airline Thanks
Hi, can any one tell me if seats 11 A and B or 12 A and B are over the wing please I'm about to choose my seats on the dreamliner going to cancun. thank you in advance.
Hi We are looking at this airline company as it is the cheapest for the trip we want Birmingham to Malaga. We are taking the grandchildren so it needs to be reliable. Many Thanks
Hi, I've found great deals on a site called lessno.com. actually I was transferred there when I used the searchengine sprice.com. But I wanna know if anyone has booked flights with lessno.com, just to verify I can trust them. thanks!
we are due to travel to Lanzarote on 29th April with Ryanair - date of next planned air strike, just wondering if anyone was affected before on the last strike flying out to Lanzarote with this airline? im hoping they fly round France and not over it ! - any advice thanks
"Hi, Delta website advises these are ""on-demand and credit card payment is needed"", does anyone know how much it is on the Boeing 777 Syd-LAX flights? thanks!"
I am about 3000 miles away from gold medallion status on delta. Should I take an extra trip to become a gold or just stay silver? I have looked at the added benefits- and I am just not sure Thanks. Andrea
Thinking of buying a holdall this size Approx Size W38 x H23.5 x D15cm Would this fit in with ryan air guidelines? Thanks
I am flying one continuous ticket from SEA to TLV. It includes 1 leg with AA, and 4 legs with BA for a round trip ticket. Since it includes enough tier points to reach silver status, (I am now a blue), but says I need 4 flights with BA for silver status also. Do those flights have to be 4 separate tickets, or 4 legs to qualify? Thanks for any help.
I will have a 13 hour layover at Heathrow terminal 2 in December. I won't be able to go into London, so I would like to find out if there are any lounges that have beds , I would love to sleep for at least 6 hours. I wouldn't mind paying as long as I get a safe place to sleep in for a while. Thanks.
DH left an article of value on a plane. Continental confirmed that the flight staff had the article, but no one can find out where or if it was left somewhere or still on a crew members person--DH tired--needs higher up the food chain phone # and name. Any info would be appreciated! dallasailor
Hi Guys, We are heading to Hawaii with Hawaiian Airlines and my in-laws may be joining us. My father in law is quite a large man and is concerned about 'fitting' in the seats. I've looked up seat guru and found the width but just wondering if anyone has flown on their A330's can give their opinion on if the seats are a comfy width for a bigger person?? Thanks in advance!
I have read that I can check in my cases the day before at Manchester Airport. However, the online notes also say that if travelling to the USA, which we are, then the morning of the flight we have to go to bag drop to answer further security questions. Does anyone know if Thomson bag drop is the same queue / desk as other people checking in? It kind of defeats the purpose of going to the airport the day before if we are going to have to stand and queue in the same queue that we would have stood in had we just taken our cases in the morning! Thanks
We have booked with Thomas Cook to go to Faro. The flight is with Flybe. They say there are legroom seats available but as we booked through TC I have to sort with them. I have yet to get anyone at TC who can do this as they have booked 30 seats on the flight as a group. Wondered if anyone else has succeeded in upgrading in the past? Thanks.
We will be arriving at terminal 1 Air Canada operated by Lufthansa at 22h35 and our daughter will be arriving one hour later at 23h35 also at terminal 1 BA (British Airways). What would you be the best place to meet in the airport, as it will be very late. Thanking you in advance
we are 4 adults traveling with a toddler. We would like to sit together but all the middle section seats on Emirates in the sectors we are flying with have 2 bassinets. If I reserve these is there a risk that one if us might be moved? Thanks
Where on the boarding pass for easy jet show that you've paid for the hold luggage , is there ANOTHER pass to print? if so where is it? I have no proof that I paid,except my bank statement thanks for your help, (the spinning top), Phil
Hello, I want to know the best websites to offer a cheap flight from Canada to U.S and within U.S Thanks
My parents are thinking of a trip to see family in the UK. They are in the 70 - 75 age range. Last flew there 10 years ago on Royal Brunei, and suffered leg swelling & discomfort. Any comments on the more comfortable / more leg room choices for them. Thanks in advance.
I am trying to decide which flight to take and I have a question about layover time on a connection through Heathrow. Here are the flight details: American Airlines flight from Dallas to Heathrow, arriving at 10:45 a.m. Connecting on Alitalia flight to Rome at 12:20 p.m. That's a 1 hour 35 minute layover. Most of my London flights are to Gatwick so I'm not as familar with Heathrow. I just want to make sure that gives us enough time to get through customs, send our bags on their way and get to the gate. Any help is greatly appreciated!
On a flight from Sydney to Nepal on China Southern in December 2015 I had my bags opened in Guangzhou. I was told they identified lithium batteries. The bags finally arrived 2 days late and 4 Kgs lighter with no evidence who opened them, what was removed or why. The items missing included (I didn't have a comprehensive list of the contents): * a cordless drill (the whole thing including the case was taken not just the battery) * a bicycle light (again the whole set was removed not just the battery) * a cartridge of silicone sealant * a cartridge of adhesive * a bottle of medicines The airline has refused to take responsibility saying the items were removed by security personnel. Do I have any avenue to appeal or take this further? Thanks.
We have booked a thomson flight (flight only). I've contacted thomson twice now and I've had a different response both times. I want to take my 2 year olds car seat. One thomson online advice person said that I may put my car seat in the hold for free (not included in my 20kg) if I did not take a pushchair. Another thomson support via email said that it would have to be included in my 20kg hold weight. Anyone know which one is correct or have checked a car seat in for free (when only booked flight and not on a thomson package). Many thanks for your help.
Hi all I'm travelling from bournemouth to malta with only hand baggage. I will be printing my boarding passes off. Do I still need to go to check in or can I go straight to security? Many thanks
Help! We are traveling to Israel for the first time in the fall and I have been researching and reading reviews on premium economy seating for Air Canada, Lufthansa and Air France. Can someone pleas share any travel experiences flying premium economy on these airlines and which should I go with? I'm looking for comfort and service is important too. Thanks in advance everyone! -Redenvelope
We are flying to Larnaca, Cyprus next month and are currently booked in World Traveler seats. However, we are considering upgrading to Club Europe on the flights for an extra charge of £150 each. We don't care about food served en route, what we do care about is comfort level of the seats. Are the seats in Club Europe on a 757 aircraft (2-2-2) worth the extra £150 each over the World Traveler seats? If so, then we'll do it, if not then we'll save our money. Many thanks!
hi all when do flights come on sale from man to thailand thankyou
going to jamiaca next week and was wondering what the in flight and out flight entertainment was thanks for any replys dawn
Hi, I'm torn what to do at the moment basing prices on now it's a lot cheaper to go indirect London-Las Vegas -Orlando -London with delta than virgin owever there can be some very impressive sale fares to Orlando when there sale is on. Does anyone know from previous experience if they do include multi trip fares in there sales? Many thanks in advance
Hi, I am travelling to BKK in a few weeks time with China Airlines, via Amsterdam. Can I buy a bottle of whisky in Schipol and carry it with my hand luggage? I am totally confused with the regulations at this stage! Thanks in advance! Joe
Hi would anyone know please if there is ever a flight sale with airtransat, I wish to travel from Manchester to Vancouver and back to Manchester from Calgary, in Aug 2015 the prices at the moment are quite high compared to if I wanted to travel at the same time this year Many thanks Ann
Just want to ask a question, hope someone can clarify... My wife holds a Portuguese ID card, the old style laminated paper version, still valid BUT expires in November 2015 With such a short time till expire, can she still travel, I keep getting different answers!!! Planning to go to Portugal in August to renew. Thx in advance.
"I am hoping to get some advice deciding between FF programs. I recently took a job that will have me traveling in and out of Russia once a month. I just got the itinerary for my first trip and the longer flights are with Lufthansa (the shorter trips are with United). I currently have a United FF with a few miles but nothing significant. I am assuming I should go ahead and get a Lufthansa number but I am hoping for some advice. It looks like the majority of my flights will be fare class ""T"" but only one of the flights is within Europe. I can give all the details on the flights but I don't want to unnecessarily bore everyone with the details. Thanks!"
"I was thinking of buying my husband a piece of Rimowa luggage which he loves the look of. He does a good bit of int'l travel - mostly to Asia - and I'm wondering if this 22x16x8"" bag will be allowed as a carry-on. It's called a 'cabin trolley' and the vendor says it's legal, but I believe the limit is 45"" and this one is 46"". I can't seem to find a 20"" from Rimowa. Thanks for any advice you might have."
Hi all. Is a 1hr 5min connection possible on a single ticket in Hong Kong? Thanks in advance Regards Edited: 4:18 pm, June 03, 2016
Hello, Am flying on a US flight today and with my Aeroplan altitude status don't pay the checked luggage fees of the $25 , but for a flight I booked with Aeroplan in the Online Check In it comes up as wanting the fee , is this normal ? Thanks
Hi Im flying out on gulf air soon from lhr-bah-bkk for the first time ive read and heard good and bad things about gulf has any1 travelled on this airline id like 2 hear of your experiences either good or bad thanks shane
planning a holiday next year to europe. flying into manchester and out from rome. cheapest airline by far is qatar, and wanted any opinions from fellow passengers about the airline. any opinion would be appreciated.
Hi can anyone advise me on the best/cheapest option when wanting to purchase tickets for a flight from memphis to vegas next september. We are staying in memphis for 3 nights & then moving on to vegas but BA who we are flying arent partners with other airlines that fly these routes & is very expensive doing the multi city way. Thank you for looking & appreciate any help.
Hi all, Has anyone flown with us airways from Glasgow via Philly lately. I would like to know if they used the planes that have the overhead tv screens on your own individual back seat tv. I know it is a 757 but according to seat guru their are 4 versions of this plane in the US airways fleet. Thanks
I'm a tripadvisor reviewer. Where can I review my awful experience with TAM Airlines? Thanks.
Please : looking for advice/experiences with airlines offering reasonably-priced fares in a seating class higher than economy. Am claustrophobic and can't do longer flights in economy. Am traveling in late May/June 2010 --destination under consideration, but likely Zurich, Frankfurt, and am open to options, as will be taking the train around Europe an can do that from many starting points.. Thank you.
"I am resident in the U.K. My sister who lives in Antigua wants to visit the U.K. I have found it is cheaper for me to book flights ""on line"" from here in the U.K. than it is for her to book from Antigua, is this legal and within ""airline"" rules. Can anyone out there advise me. I have phoned two of the major operators but their advise is ambiguous to say the least. Thanks in advance. J.M.B."
Can anyone please advise which airline is better? I need to book flights from Manchester to Orlando. I have had a price from both airlines and there is not much difference so i am going to go with whichever is the better one.......trouble is ive never flown with either, can anyone help? Many thanks
Dear Community I am travelling from UK to Chicago for a holiday and trying to plan a trip to Raleigh from Chicago. I know how to get good prices within Europe (through price comparison sites...etc) but not sure how to find the best air fare in US regional flights. Travelling with a chilld. Appreciate any guide on this from US experts. Thanks
I will be going to Christvhurch in late March 2011, I am travelling by MH from Penang to Kuala Lumpur before changing my flight to EK., which will take me to Melbourne. In Melbourne I will take another EK flight to Auckland before boarding Air New Zealand to my final destination at Christchurch. Will MH check-in my bag directly to Christchurch or do I need to recheck-in at Auckland. My MH & EK flights are on the same ticket while my NZ flight is on a separate flight. Thanks
Has anyone had experience with either the KLM or Platinum lounges at Terminal 3. I've been in many lounges around the world, some much better than others and I'd be interested in comments before I spend $25-35. Thanks
Hi could someone please advice me on what company to use for multi city flights Itinery below 6th Sept (outbound) 2 adults econemy class Any London Airport - San Francisco 20th Sept (inbound) 2 adults econemy class Vegas - Any London Airport We are trying to get a good deal so we have more money to play with for hotels any advice would be much appriciated fran
Hi all! I am just curious as to what time I should arrive at the airport! This will be the first time I am traveling out of the country. My flight is 9:15am on a Saturday in March from MSP to Zihuatanejo, MX nonstop via Delta airlines! Thanks!
Hello, I've been recommended to show the TA Air Travel forum my topic I created in the Barcelona forum, so I'm doing it. I didn't know this forum really existed, so I believe I might get a better answer here perhaps. You can find the topic below. tripadvisor.com/…23145766 Thank you! Edited: 11:50 pm, December 05, 2009
Hello everyone I have an upcoming flight that is from LAS - PHX - ORD - MAN. The PHX-ORD-MAN segment is with American Airlines but the initial LAS-PHX is on US Airways. I'm just wondering what will happen to our baggage. It's all on the same ticket so I'm presuming its tagged all the way through to MAN? We have just a 45 min connection time between landing in PHX and getting the AA flight to ORD, and so we're not sure if we have to collect our baggage from the carousel and drop it somewhere or if it will be transferred for us so we don't have to worry about it after checking in at LAS, Anyone with experience/knowledge of this can help ease our minds? Thanks!
Hello All! I am trying to find an affordable holiday to take over Christmas/New Years break as I am going to be on forced annual leave due to business closure. I have found the following advertisements for the US but I am unsure if the business 'Main Front Travel' is legitimate or not - http://mainfronttravel.com.au/tours/page/2/ gumtree.com.au/s-ad/…1064820598 …locanto.com.au/ID_365854211/Return-Flights-… https:/…timeline Has anyone on here ever booked anything through this travel agent before? Please share your experience as I am having trouble finding anything on them and I am already down $100 from trying to book flights that got cancelled on me and the exchange rate changed by the time they refunded me :( Thanks :)
I'm travelling to Sydney, stopping at Duabi for 3 hours. I need to take my 2 inhalers with me, i've got such a mixed message from online. Half saying I don't need a prescription and the other saying i do. They're still in the boxes as they're unopened which has my name, date of issue and the doctors surgery, address etc. Is that suitable for security checks in both Dubai and Sydney. When I've traveled to Europe I've never needed one and I've never even had them in the boxes. But I've never done long haul or that strict of security. Thanks.
Any suggestion on where to find the best rates on travel to Orlando from Seattle? We are leaving Oct. 27 Thanks, Bob H.
Whycant l book a holiday for 2018. Just returned from a holiday and want too book another and save up! T C tells me l cant not this far in advance!!!! Can anyone help.... or give me advice on company l can book with. Its a expensive holiday hence why need to know price so can save!!! Is this normal... practice for travel agents. Thanks in advance
Hi We are flying with our baby on Ryanair. You can take a buggy to the plane stairs. However we have a buggy that the carseat attaches to. Can we take this as one item to the plane stairs or would they make us take it apart and check in the car seat? Thanks
I believe that a 2nd bag is allowed in addition to a carryon. What is the permitted dimensions of the 2nd bag. Can't find any info on this on their website. Thanks.
What is the best way or deal to get from Buffalo NY to Fairbanks AL then return to Buffalo from Vancuver? Any suggestions would help...
Just a few words,, was due to fly home with easyjet on the 16/04/10 from malta to newcastle, but with the ash cloud the flight was canceled. Easyjet put us up in a five star hotel on a full board basis free of charge for a week whille we waited for a flight home, we were well looked after and am pleased that we used them,, this was my first time traveling with easyjet, but it wont be the last,, thank you . The Buckster
I´m leaving tomorrow from Buenos Aires to Paris, then I´ll travel to London and back to Paris to return to Buenos Aires. When departing from Buenos Aires I have to pay a u$s 18 airport fee. Will I have to pay an airport fee at CDG and Heathrow as well? Thanks!
"HI! Has anyone recently flown on the Airbus A380? I've booked the last row for flights to Sydney as we did this a couple of years ago and it was fine. However, having just looked at ""Seat Expert"" it indicates that seats 88A and 88K (window) are bad seats but no explanation why. ""Seat Guru"" makes no mention of these seats being ""bad."" Which seats would anyone recommend on this long flight? Thank you."
Morning, Just looking at peoples opinions of flying with Thomson, we are flying from Dub to Tenerife at the end of the month, can get Thomson flights for €450 less than Aer Lingus, there flight prices just keep going up and up, wanted to fly Sat - Sat but if I can save 400 will fly Fri - Fri, just wondering what are they like to fly with, are the planes spacious, good airline etc. Thanks
"I am trying to choose my seats on ""manage my booking""...using seat guru as a guide,but the cabin layout is completely different compared to what seat guru layout says....help !...any ideas..? (Boeing 777 3 class.) Thanks folks."
Hi I am flying to USA and I have 2 passports. To leave my country I must leave with the country's passport but to enter USA I want to enter with my European passport as no visa is required. On one passport the name is ----------------. European passport name is ----------. On the ticket it is written ----------------. Will I have problems entering USA? Thanks
Apologies if this is an obvious question. Booked a flight with a credit card that I no longer have (was lost). Airlines states card needs to be shown at check in. If I check in online and do not have any hold luggage I am assuming I do not need to show the card to anyone at the airport? Many thanks
I will be flying from Dublin to Dallas Fort Worth in July and was wondering how long it takes to get from the doors of the airport to the boarding gates, going through preclearance. I have not flown from Dublin airport before, I do not know how long before my flight I need to arrive at the airport. Any input will be appreciated. Thank you.
Does anybody know if the Boarding Pass Ryanair must have the number of ID card (passenger) even you are from European Country. I just check in and print the boarding pass but the ID card number is not visible.Do you think this is a problem ? I will appreciate your help.
Don't know if anyone will be able to tell me this, but I fly out to Paphos next Tuesday June 5th with Thomas Cook Airlines from Manchester. Does anyone know if it is a 757-200 or 300 series whichdoes the route? Any help would be greatly appreciated! Thanks
We are heading from Kyiv to Paris (charle de gaulle), and then from Paris to Marrakech (in different airlines, the first one is Ukrainian one and the last one is British easyJet). Some of us don't have visa for Paris, so I am interested is it possible to transit without going through the passport control in Paris, considering that our luggage won't be automatically re-registered for the next flight. (I. e., is there luggage claim in the transit zone in Paris.) Thank you.
I am looking for a place that can fix my broken luggage lock in Toronto. My luggage was missing when I arrived at Toronto, and the airline found itand delivered back to me after 4 days, of course they will open the luggage, but mine is not an outside lock. It is this kind of lock (…wikimedia.org/wikipedia/…220px-Suitcase2.jpg), so there is no way I can buy another new lock to lock my luggage anymore, the only way is to fix it, but do not know where I can fix it, any ideas? Thank you. Edited: 7:18 pm, January 07, 2014
We (family of 4) are headed to Providenciales via Charlotte next month booked in First Class on USAir. I chose USAir because the itinerary and times were great and the First Class fare was a steal! I was reading through some of the posts on TA and hear nothing but horror stories about USAir. Are they really much worse than other airlines? It doesn't really matter - we're going no matter what, but I do think I'll be sure to pack stuff in my carry on due to risks of lost luggage! Anyone want to share their USAir experiences (good or bad)? I need something to do as it is too cold to go anywhere today (10 degrees right now!) Thanks!
Which airlines offer the best first-class amenities? A recent Am Airlines flight was very disappointing. (I reside in Virginia) Thanks for any any advice.
Hi, we want to check in online in Australia before leaving for the US ... are there facilities at LAX airport to do the boarding pass print-out and bag drop or do we need to go to a counter? The website doesn't list which airports do or don't have self check-in that I can find. Thanks.
Hi everyone, does anyone know if you can track mod flights? My brother in law is off to the falklands tonight from Brize Norton. Thanks
Just booked flights to Copenhagen and trying to add API without success. When I click on the 'add API' it takes me to a box which asks for my email address and Ref #. When I continue the next page to appear says ' This web page cannot be found'. ' There maybe a typing error in the address'. 'If you clicked a link it maybe out of date'. I have to add that I am not PC literate, so I have'nt a clue what this means. Thanks for any help with this.
Hi, I'm flying from Germany to Indonesia this month, and will have 12 hours transit in Dubai so I decided to buy stopover visa and do a little shopping outside the airport. My question is, what if I buy something like perfume or anything that I can't carry on my cabin baggage? The brand that I want doesn't have shop in duty free airport. Can I give additional baggage in Dubai or you have any suggestion. Thank you!
Hi all - looking at booking a trip to Florida and East Coast for 2 adults and 2 teenagers. Have only flown with Virgin in the past (but that was 15 years ago!!) so not sure which one would be best for most legroom (can't afford business class), service etc. Many thanks all xx
Will be booking for a day need something very comfy and from the pictures on here the HAMPTON looks nicer than the Sofitel? Would have thought the Sofitel would look nicer Anyone recommendations as to which to chose. Almost the same price for my night so wanted to treat myself but the traveller pictures have me confused.... Sofitel looks more run down for a top brand. Thanks all
I want to fly to Japan in september 2013. Which airline would you recommend: allitalia, swissair or austrian airlines? The prices match, but we're doubting related to service, comfortable seats, food... Thanks!
Hi, Has anyone used Delta Skymiles to book car rental before? I just used my miles to book a car from National Car Rental for 7 days, and they give me some sort of confirmation number. But when I try to look it up on National web site, that number does not work. When I called Delta Skymiles, of course they are no help and just tell me to call the car rental company. I am going to try to call National and see what is going on in case the reservation never goes through. But just want to check with the group and see if anyone has any experience with it. Thanks.
Hi there, Planning a long haul flight from Jakarta to Oslo and I am wondering which airlines would be best? There is $400 difference between Emirates and Turkish, Emirates being the more expensive. Pros of Emirates: Chauffeur driven Massive airport Cons: More expensive 777-300ER which means 2-3-2 seatings, angled bed and no bar Let me know what you think. Thanks
Hello guys, can a box of chocolates (like celebrations) can be brought in hand luggage? thanks a lot!
Hi Can someon suggest the best window seat (front seat with more leg space are not available) on economy flight Qatar airways Airbus. A320. And A330 I don't want to get Obstruction from the wings of aircraft Thank you
Hey all, I'm travelling on QF1 to London via Dubai later in the year. Just hoping someone can give me some recent insight on what the in flight menu options are and whether access to the self-service snack bar is readily available. I've managed to score economy seat 36K, but I've read a couple of other places that the staircase leading down to the snack-bar is 'roped' off - just want to know if I'll need to plan ahead to bring my own snacks on-board or if I should try for a seat change if I'm going to have issues. Thanks!!
Can anyone help please, I am trying to find reviews on the above ticket agency thanks
I've heard that Air Asia are intent on flying from Australia to Bangkok direct later this year .Does anyone know the truth of this? Thanks
Hi everyone, I'm from Philadelphia and I need to know if there are any flights out of PHL that connect in Buffalo (destination city does not matter). Coming home from Buffalo, I can do BUF-PHL-Harrisburg for very cheap and hop off in PHL. But getting to Buffalo, especially nonstop, is expensive. So I was hoping there was a flight route where Buffalo was the connecting city between Philly and somewhere else. I've done some research but no luck yet, so any help would be greatly appreciated :)
I booked both of us our return flights for next month, and I've noticed it is only my name as both passengers. So basically it's done like I've booked flights for two people with the exact same name(mine). Would easyjet understand that this is an obvious error and possible correct it for me without a fee? Thanks.
I'm flying 10-12 guys out to Vegas in October and I need to know where in the world I can look for/ who I need to call for group rates and cheap flights. I can't find anyone who will allow me to book more than 9 tickets online. Please help me! Thank you!
Just to let you know I live near Heathrow and Gatwick. There is a flight I want to book which goes DUBLIN - LONDON HTW - LAX (which is fine we are going to have a nice night in Dublin before we fly) With the return flight being LAX- LONDON HTW, then airport transfer (about an hour away) to Gatwick, with the next flight being GAT-DUB. My question is what would happen if I didnt transfer to Gatwick from Heathrow and just drove home, I have to collect all my baggage before I leave airport. I dont collect air points, I dont fly a lot so am not worried about any air miles or anything, I am booking it online. I just want to make sure there is not a fine. Will they even bother to ask me? Thanks
Hi I haven't flown into our out of LAX for over 15 years. I will be arriving from Tokyo to LAX intl terminal on 10-16 and will need to catch a connecting NWA flight out of Terminal 2 that same afternoon. I arrive at 1:00 and the options for the flight to Minneapolis from Term. 2 are 3:30 p.m. and 5:30 p.m. I am wondering if I will have enough time to get thru customs, get my bags, and shuttle over to the other terminal in time for the 3:30 flight (assuming the Singapore Airlines flight from Tokyo arrives on time at 1:00). Any advice is appreciated. Thanks.
Hi everyone, I'm booked for the dreamliner to go to Mexico in December. Iv heard of mixed reviews about premium upgrade do you think it is worth it? It's going to cost £500ish each to upgrade so it a lot of money. Any comments will be greatly received.
I have upcoming flights with UA which includes a layover in IAD and have access to the UA Club Lounges (at Gates C7, C17 or D8). My flight should depart from one of the C Gates (normally C23). I have no experience of the lounges at IAD - does anybody with knowledge or experience have an opinion if any of them is better than the others or should I just use the one closest to my departure gate. Thanks in advance for any information.
Hi All, Looking for recommendations on a reliable, reasonably priced luggage forwarding service for domestic flights here in the U.S. If anyone has personal experience with a company, positive or negative, I'd love to hear it. Thanks!
We will be at a wedding in Spain and then traveling for 2 weeks by plane and train. I want to send our formal clothes and shoes back home so we don't drag them around with us. Can you help me determine the best way to send a box or suitcase of these clothes back home? Thanks.
Hi Please could somebody tell me if I check in online with Etihad is it possible for me to print the boarding pass out at a different time? My online check in opens at 9pm but I wouldn't have access to a printer until the following morning? Thanks for all your help.
Air canada web site seems to allow this booking but im a little leary of connecting fr vancouver with only an hour to connect in Toronto... Is this possible? Cheers
Is the front section of business class a better choice than the smaller business cabin nearer the bar ie quieter/better service? Or is it just the same. I am wondering which seats and cabin to choose. Any comments or experience would be welcome. Thanks
Hi, Me and my wife have a flight with China Eastern Airlines from Beijing to Shanghai and 2 days later with China United Airlines back to Beijing, I cant find the answer, we can bring up to 1 baggage per ticket, up to 20KG, but what if we have ANOTHER baggage up to 20KG? we need to pay the 1.5% * fare ticket? all info I found is if the baggage over 20KG. Thanks
I'm hoping someone can help me with this... I'm wanting to email emirates to ask if I can take my wedding dress in my hand luggage as I can't help but worry if I don't have it with me at all times. I'm wanting confirmation it will be ok so I can then print the email out and take with me just Incase I get to Manchester airport and there are any quandaries. Has anyone emailed them before and got this confirmation or does anyone have an email address you can help me with so that I can contact them with regards to this. Only 8 weeks to go now :-) Many thanks!!
We're flying from Vancouver in August. The price diff for 1 person is about $400 (BA is higher). We really need decent recline and leg room. Any comments on which to take? Gatwick gets a plus because it's closer to our destination. Food doesn't matter. Thanks for any help.
Hi, Wpuld be keen to know if anyone has had experience of usingGB Airways, Gatwick to Luxor. Travelling to Egypt over Christmas and have the choice of using Monarch or GB. Thanks.
Will be traveling from Venice to Budapest at the end of May. it appears there are no overnight trains any longer. Looking at flights RyanAir is by far the least expensive compared to mainstream airlines. Does anyone have recommendations how best to travel between these two cities? Thank you.
"Hi, I'm wondering if it is possible to change the 'return' round trip flights to another departure location?... I originally bought the round trip tickets: ""Toronto->China"" and ""China->Toronto"". In between I'm also planning on going to other nearby countries(Hongkong, Taiwan, Japan). I haven't bought other tickets yet, including the last flight from ""Japan->China"" (the one I'm trying to avoid buying right now) The reason that I bought the roundtrip instead of one way was because originally I was planning on going back to China again after my trips for couple weeks then return to Toronto. But right now something came up and I will have to return early... Basically, I'm asking if there's a way to change my return roundtrip flight from ""china->toronto"" to ""japan->toronto""? so I won't have to buy another ticket from japan to china just to get on the return flight. :( Please let me know what would be the best option for me. Thankss :)"
I am Vietnamese. On 25 July 2016, my application visa was denied by the Consulate General in Ho Chi Minh City, and one denial stamp was put on the last page of my passport. The reason why I applied for the visa because I planned to visit Jeju Island in 2 days and then to spend 6 next days in Seoul. However, because my application was denied, I intend to change my plan that I will visit Jeju Island only without going to Korea mainland. I will have a direct flight from Shanghai to Jeju Island without transiting at any airport on the Korea mainland. My question is that whether I am able to visit Jeju Island after being denied for visa? With the denial stamp on the passport, am I still allowed to enter Jeju? As I know, Jeju Island has the free entry visa policy. However, I am concerning that due to the denial stamp, I am not entitled to enjoy such policy. Since my trip will start on 10 September 2016, your quick response would be appreciated. Thanks in advance. P/S: Is there anyone having experience on this one before?
For those of you who are not familiar with Westjet, it is a Canadian discount carrier that we have flown for years. It has been very solid and reliable for us and is our domestic airline of choice. However, Westjet seems to be encountering some problems, seemingly from its conversion to a new reservation system. I am trying to book a domestic flight using travel credits from a previous cancellation. (I have been trying for 24 hours.) The wait to speak to a customer service rep is currently 45 - 60 minutes and they warn you that they can only accept credit card payment at this time. I have looked online, but it is the same situation. In the meantime, the current seat sale deadline is fast approaching. Are there any Westjetters (or anyone else) out there who can provide some clarification as to what is going on and how long before it is sorted out (i.e., I can use my travel credits)? Thanks so much.
"So... I booked a flight with Aeromexico from London to Mexico City yesterday evening, at a pretty awesome price (compared to BA/Air France/KLM). HOWEVER, since I made the booking I have already had 3 pretty stressful phonecalls with a travel agency called ""Bravo Travel"" who seem to be processing the booking. The English Aeromexico website doesn't seem completely finished yet and didn't ask for any of my personal details, such as date of birth, nationality, passport etc., so these have to be given over the phone. This is where the problems started, as the person from 'Bravo Travel' doesn't speak English and cannot understand me. And I, on the other hand, am extremely confused and frustrated that I can't speak to Aeromexico directly (or email them, for that matter). Am I the first person to use this new Aeromexico route, or has someone else on here already tried them and can help me?? I can't seem to talk to anyone who can write down my passport details correctly! I am already stressed out because now I think there'll be something wrong with the ticket... :( Any input would be much appreciated!"
"I like to fill out the application for travel insurance correctly so that if I should need it in case of emergency, the insurance company can't claim that my application was invalid because I did it wrong. The problem is that I've asked this question 3 times with 3 different telephone reps at Travel Guard Insurance and I've gotten 3 different answers. I don't think the telephone reps understand this either. My question is this: When buying the policy, you have to put down on the application ""trip cost."" Using BA Avios points for a Business Class ticket, the taxes and fees which I paid were about $1100. (OUCH !!!) The first agent told me to insure the cost of the actual ticket. (I knew this wasn't correct so I called back.) The second agent told me I could only list the cost to re-deposit the points in case of cancellation. This would be $65 USD. I wanted to double-check, so I called back a 3rd time, and the 3rd agent told me to put down the cost of the taxes and fees. In case of cancellation, I would get the taxes and fees back from BA. YIKES....I don't know what to do now? Does anyone know for sure? How do I avoid future trouble about this??? Thanks."
I know that Silk is a subsidiary of Singapore Airlines, but do they support the ability to check baggage through and connect airside? or does Silk work as an independent 'budget' point-to-point airline? I am looking at a flight schedule that has 2 hours between arriving into Singapore (Changi SIN) at 05:55 (T3) on a Singapore Airlines flight, departing on a Silk Air flight at 07:55 (T2). If I can check baggage right through at the start of my journey and simply transit airside from T3 to T2, I think this will work. If I have to get my baggage, pass immigration, re-check in and pass back thro' immigration it won't! Grateful for any advice. Cheers, Mark
Does anyone know where I'd find estimated prices from Atlanta. My vacation destination is up in the air at this point and I'm flexible so I'd like to find a listing of places that are cheap to fly. Mexico, carribean, central american are all good choices. Thanks in advance.
Do anyone have experience of flying TAP to Brazil? Any comments would be appreciated.
Evening Just wondered if anyone had a valid discount code for the terminal 2 meet and greet parking. Thanks
We are going to fly back home from Dublin > London > Hong Kong. I would like to know if two hours connection time is good enough? Thanks!
Hi, Could someone please confirm if CX 884 - HKG-LAX business class seats are truly lie flat seats? The aircraft code shows 773, travel agent says they are lie flat but Seatguru shows them as recliners. Help is appreciated. Cheers
Transferring from United Airlines to Swissair, NYC to Zurich and then Zurich to Florence, Italy. I have a lot of time available for layover, but was wondering how far is it from the arriving flight to the departing flight, because my wife has some issues with walking, and we may need a wheelchair. Thank you.
Hi Guys Just looking for some advice, a friend of mine has just had her flight cancelled from Sydney to Hong Kong by Fiji Airlines, they offered her an alternative flight 2 days later which doesn't suit as she'll miss the event she's scheduled to attend. She's now asking Fiji Airways for a refund to which they are flat out refusing to give her. The fare rules of the ticket state that it's non-refundable but as it's the airline who have cancelled the flight and the alternative flight is not an option, do she have any right to a refund? Her consumer rights would be under governed by Australian law. Cheers,
Hello, I have a Qatar flight from Delhi to Brussels with a stopover at Doha. The transit time is 1.45 min and I am worried if the time is enough to complete the boarding for my connecting flight. The whole schedule is pretty packed. I am traveling for a friends wedding. I am his Best Man and cant afford any delays. Please help. Any advice will be highly appreciated. Thanks in Advance :)
Hi all, i am looking for a flight for my mum who is goin to Brisbane around the 7th december to visit family. please could anyone give me ideas of who's best to go with at the moment, price wise and decent flight. Its been 13 years since i last went.So wouldn't have a clue now Thanks Marish
Hi there.. Im travelling from Sydney to Toronto via Vancouver and would like to bring back a bottle of wine or two from Duty Free. Im not planning to check in any luggage.. Is it possible to carry on duty free liquor? Thanks!
Hi, I recently purchased a set of AirAsia tickets (Singapore-Osaka) and (Tokyo-Singapore) from their booking website. May I know if stuff like Airport Taxes and Fuel Surcharges are included in the ticket price? Thank you
Appreciate TA responses to my previous inquiry for this trip in First on either Delta, American or United. Now, because of FF miles and favorable schedule, I have another option of using USAir through LAS out and PHX back. Airbus 320 out and Airbus 321/319 back. My concern is many reviews that USair service is lousy. Please advise.
Hi, I tried to buy my ticket from lstanbul to Amsterdam via Go to gate and the web site charged me two times with no confirmed flight ticket. Any idea about recharged terms. Thank you Cihan
I was wondering if anyone could tell me what security is like at t8 ( yes I have posted other security related posts b4 last one I promise!) does this terminal have backscatter scanners, millimeter wave units or walk through metal detectors Any info would be greatly appreciated Cheers
As regards Air NZ/United/Continental can a disposable razor be taken Carry On in the plastic bag?? Have checked Air NZ Restricted Items regs & it is not clear to me. Thanks H49
Hi, I arrive in CDG an Air France about 11:30 on a Wednesday morning and have 2:25 hours before my AF flight to Amman. is that enough time to make it? Thanks, Carolyn
leaves Melbourne just after midnight for Singapore late dinner or an early breakfast... which is served.. thanks..
Hello, I am booked on the British Airways 787 London-Austin direct in July. Does anyone know if the seats in row 39 recline? I will be traveling with my daughter and these are the only seats that have just two together, but if they don't recline it may not be worth it. Can't quite tell from seat guru. Thanks for any advice.
"not sure which forum to post this in! sorry!! have just this week been diagnosed as type 2 diabetic and am going to be travelling quite a few times on holiday from the UK in the next few months (Porto, Athens and New York) and have just been told that i need to arrance ""special"" travel insurance, rather than the run of the mill one i would usually buy... anyone got any suggestions or recommendations? thanks in advance!"
"Guys, I will arrive from Siem Reap 16:20 at DMK (flying AirAsia). And I have a connection flight to HKG in the same airport, at 17:20. I do not have any bags. Is 1 hour long enough for an Air Asia ""connection"" at DMK? Without bags? Thanks a lot!"
I have a 1 hour and 40 min layover at DTW (flying Delta). I'll be coming from Manila and will take a connecting flight to New York, also on Delta. I know I don't have much time to clear customs and go through immigrations, with that time. Could anyone advise me on how to navigate the airport? I'll be carrying three huge bags plus carry on, and i'm a 100 pound person who has never flown before, plus I have very little knowledge of airports. Thank you!
Hi Has anyone used the Brussels Airlines flight to Nairobi at £1500 for four people it is really cheap and its from our local airport The flight refuels in Burundi on the journey to Nairobi Thought I would ask before booking just in case it awful Thanks
Has anyone used petas.gr from Sky Scanner to book flights? I would like to book a long-haul flight to Vietnam and they seem to offer the cheapest flights on SkyScanner however I have never heard of them before and there are no reviews on Google so i'm a bit worried to book my flights through them. Any advice or first hand experience please? :)
Im flying with them to Barcelona next month. when i booked my flights it says it was flying with Iberia but i believe its a buget airline called clickair which are owned by Ibera. Has anyone flown with this airline before? you help is much appreciated thanks
Hi, I have a choice between KLM/Delta or American Airways for a flight between London and Boston. I'm petite so don't mind so much about seat size, but would like it to be comfy and have good movies etc! All opinions welcome Sara
Hi Ok apart from all the jokes about having a goatee for 'Movember', just wondered what passport control in the UK and US will say as my current passport is clean shaven. If my photo is clean shaven do I have to be clean shaven or is a goatee going to be ok? Thanks Ian
Trying to meet with friends for holiday at a desitnation somewhere easily accessible to both parties. One flying from Shanghai, China the other from Dubai. All travellers aged 50+. Possible destination preferrably beach location with public amenities/golf courses nearby deluxe standard. Would welcome any suggestions. Thank you.
I am traveling with my gf and planning on proposing to her once we reach our destination (international travel). Any suggestions on how I can hide this from her with out security pulling it out or ruining the surprise? I thought about putting the ring and box in a ball of socks or in a watch box with other jewelry. Feedback would be appreciated! thanks
Hi can anyone give me any info re time to get from terminal 2 to terminal 3 Abu Dhabi airport. I have 2 hours from landing from Dublin before I depart for Perth. Any info would be much appreciated. Thanks
Hello, We are planning to book JetBlue for Fort Lauderdale leaving out of SFO on Dec 24th. Our return is on Jan 2nd. Does anyone has an idea of how much a one way or round trip ticket would cost? We see some good deals right now on United and US Airways, but it's not nonstop. Thank you. Danny Edited: 5:12 pm, January 29, 2015
Hi All Ive been reading many topics about Philadelphia airport as its our first time flying to america (new york). Ive been checking about time between connecting flights and how far Term A is from Term F etc.... Reading some of the replies, though.... Ive picked up that some people have said that we need to go through customs/security and then collect our luggage BUT I was always under the impression that with any connecting flights your luggage is not seen again until you arrive at your destination... Is this true? Or will we have to collect our luggage when we land at PHL and then check it in again on our connecting flight to LGA? Thanks :)
Hi all has anyone flown with philipines air from london? Comments would be welcome please
"I was surprised to discover recently that I am only a few hundred miles away from Medallion Status on Delta. I say ""surprised"" because I generally don't fly enough in a year to get the necessary mileage for any kind of airline status. However in this case I benefited from a couple of trips to the west coast earlier in the year, plus two sizable MQM bonuses that I received courtesy of my Skymiles credit card. I have some long haul trips planned for later this year and early next, so decided to have a go at a Mileage Run to get the remaining miles for the status upgrade. Since I'm new to doing Mileage Runs, I decided to try something not too terribly ambitious - just enough miles to push me over the threshold. I've read that ATL is not a great airport to base out of for this sort of activity, but I did find an inexpensive R/T flight to Louisville that departs on a weekday afternoon, has a short layover at SDF, and then returns to ATL by about 8:00 PM on the same day. It cost about $145 altogether and I'll get 1000 miles out of it - not such a great deal in terms of cost per mile, but for a first effort I guess it's not too bad (plus it's a small financial investment if I have to back out at the last minute out for some reason). Anyway, here's my question. My biggest concern with this is that something will happen in Louisville (delays, etc) and I will miss the return flight to Atlanta. Both flights have the same flight number so I am guessing it's the same physical airplane for both legs. Does anyone have any idea if that's a valid assumption? I figure worst case I can do a one-way car rental and drive home (6 hours) if I miss the return, but would obviously rather fly (note that I only need the outgoing miles for the status upgrade, so no real harm done if that happens). That's really all I wanted to know, I guess. I know that FlyerTalk is probably a better venue to discuss this sort of thing, but I am not active over there (yet!). My wife is very dubious about all of this and thinks I am crazy, so I am just trying to allay some concerns. Thanks for any advice you all can offer. -JimG"
I have been checking Pegasus' homepage for available flights, but nothing seems to be available after March 30th, 2015, on any routes. I have tried calling the airline and emailing them, but received no reply. Does anyone know when are they going to open their schedule beyond March? Thanking you.
I am flying to Costa Rica with Jetblue but have a layover of 2 hrs in Orlando..im hoping its enough time! I have never been to that airport so not sure if we have a far distance to walk to connect or if all Jetblue flights leave.from the same terminal. I really want to book this flight as the other flights have a longer layover and gets us to CR later in the day .I would be grateful for any insight or advice on this
I am looking at a flight routed IAD-IST-EBB. I will fly Turkish Air the entire way. I have never been through Istanbul's airport. I have 1 hour 55 minute layover. Flying solo. Should this be enough time to make the connection? Thanks-chris
is the air train on the level of terminal 4 or I have to go up or down to get the air train thanks ilana
I want to book flights from sydney - heathrow (return trip) but would prefer to pay in sterling. When I go into the Singapore Air website & put in the itinerary it automatically reverts to ozzie dollars. Any suggestions? Thanks for any help
Hi I am looking to book a flight with Korean Air, flying from London to Seoul but then flying back to London out of Tokyo. The fare rules States that my min stay should be 7 days. At the risk of sounding stupid, I presume this means my combined stay of about 3 days in South Korea and 5 days in Japan will satisfy this? Thanks
Will be in Kolcutta on 12 December 2008, looking for reasonable cheap,clean place to stay. All responses appreciated.
Can anyone please suggest me some luggage those can be easily portable to air journey. Thanks in advance.
Hi just bought one of these has anyone seen anybody use them on long haul flights,it has a green light tip so ppl should know its fake but will i be allowed to use,even if i need to use in wc as it shouldn't set off smoke detector. thanks inadvance. stets
Hi, I have purchased two separated tickets for the same flight 1) SCL to AKL (roundtrip) 2) AKL to SYD (roundtrip) Both flights are labeled with the same number LA801 (SCL-AKL-SYD) and LA800 (SYD-AKL-SCL) Will I be able to through check in my bags (SCL to SYD and SYD to SCL) so I don't have to go through migrations in AKL (New Zealand)? Regards
Hi all, My passport is going to expire in a couple of months and I need to book tickets with Malaysian Airlines. Has anyone booked with Malaysian Airlines and are you allowed to change the passport information after you’ve booked the tickets? I just need to renew my passport so I’m assuming it’s just the expiry date that I need to update once I’ve got my new passport. Just want to get our flights booked very soon since Air Asia's cancelled all their Paris/London routes and we're booked with them in May. Thanks very much! Cheers, Coco
This is probably a really stupid question. But I have just bought a new tripp suitcase. With the combination lock on. I followed the instruction to change the combination but now it opens for any combination..... I pressed the little 'rest'button in changed the combination then pressed the open button. Should the little reset button be staying in or should it pop back out flush? Thanks Danny
hi,flying to cancun from gatwick in january.wondering of you are allowed to use your netbook on the flight??? thanks!
Hi, we hope to visit orlando 1st feb 2014. Im waiting for a sale . Am i right in thinking that there should be one around july. Thanks.
I am travelling from Edinburgh to Newark then onto Toronto. Continental Airlines from Edinburgh to Newark on a Boeing 757-200. What are your experiences of this airline? Thanks
Has anyone flown Frontier Airlines recently- in 2015? Thinking about flying with them for the first time and just wanting some reviews. Thanks
Your advice would be really appreciated.We are looking at cheap & cheerful Ryanair flight to get us to Palma ,Majorca in June.Flight times from Shannon & Dublin on the dates we want to travel don't really suit,so the other possibility is Depart Cork @ 8.10am Arrive Stansted 9.25am then fly to Palma at 11.50am. & the return Journey Depart Palma 15.50 arrive Stansted 17.25 & Fly to Cork @19.55 My instinct is telling me its possible & there is enough time,but i am just looking for reassurance.We are also saving 350euro which is almost the cost of our hotel for the week by doing it the long way round. What do any of you think ? I need to make a decision on this before tomorrow.
Has anyone flown Virgin America and what has your experience been? I am looking at flying VA from SFO to BOS in August and their fares aren't too bad. Thanks for any help you can offer.
Hello, Going to San Francicso from Amsterdam with Boeing 777-300 Me and my friend decided to book the seats in the Economy comfort area, we choosed 10 J K Is there anyone who wants to give me any inside info if we should change seats or has any reflections of how comfortable the seats really are? I was doing some googling and found out that the seats in 10 A B had some metal thing on them, iow, quite uncomfortable. Am afraid it's the same with ours. thanks
My parents will be traveling through Atlanta on their way to Mexico in a few weeks. While they are in decent shape, the worst case scenario walking distance could be close to a mile. Any opinions on whether they should take the courtesy cart, or are they better off walking. They can walk the distance, but may be rushed for time. The connection is about 45 minutes. They are both over 77, and I think the cart is a fair perk for an older traveler. I am not sure it is the quickest way through the airport though. Thanks.
Hi, I am wanting to fly Corfu > Rome and have found a Corfu > Rome > Dubrovnik flight way cheaper than the direct flight (even though the first leg of indirect is the exact same flight as the direct option). Can I presume it is ok just to fly to Rome then not bother with second leg to Dubrovnik? THanks
Until Seatguru catches up with a measure for this attribute, I'd like to hear everyone else's collective experience when the person in front of you is reclined all the way. Seat pitch doesn't seem to matter when the seat in front of you reclines to just a few inches from your face. Is there somewhere else to look for such a comparison? Thanks. My long-haul economy class experience within the last two years: Singapore Airlines 777 is terrible. A380 is not so bad. Nothing else in my experience gets nearly as bad as the SQ 777: Lufthansa A380, Qantas A380, United E+ any aircraft, Swiss A340, EVA 777. Air Canada 787 & 777. ANA 787. Air Berlin A330. Edited: 3:20 am, March 21, 2016
I am not very tech savvy and don't know if I should download the US Airways app. Both my tickets and my husband's tickets are sent to my email account. They are for a flight into Paris, CDG. Some of the messages on this forum say that some apps can't be used internationally. Can we both use boarding passes from my phone? Thanks so much for helping the technologically impaired.
I have booked a flight from Sydney to KUL in the evening 22nd May 2014 and recently got an alert email from AirAsia that my flight has been cancelled due to the commercial reasons. Does anyone know what's behind? Thanks for sharing your thoughts.
Which is best? Seats and comfort a big plus.....any help would be greatful
Does anyone know if the Air Canada strike happening next week is going to affect Jazz flights?? I'm on the phone on hold right now, and as is with most of Air Canada's service, it's been 15 minutes and counting.... Just thought someone here might know...thanks!
Hi Travelling with family to Orlando in June and have booked seats row 1 def - grateful for any feedback re these seats and on Dreamliner and PE in general many thanks
Is there anybody that have recently travelled with Ryanair bringing a pushchair/pram? Our usual pram we brought on ryanair flight a few weeks ago had to be sent in for repair today and as we are travelling 14 days today we might not get it back in time. My spare pram ( Silvercross Surf ) folds up in 2 parts ( the seat unit and then the chassis part ) so my question is: is this allowed to bring to the gate? I have tried reading through the fqa's on the ryanair website but this is not clear at all...it basically just says one pushchair is allowed per child..They always asks me though when travelling by the check in if i want to bring the pram to the gate and does it collapse...Really don't want to end up paying 30 pounds per way if having to check it in, which is the cost at the airport for checked in baby equipment and then having to carry my 7 month old baby around for the next 2 hours lol ( in that case i rather buy a cheap 2nd hand buggy on a facebook selling group to bring with me as 60 quid return is more than the pram cost me lol ) Any help will be much appreciated =)
Hi, I am flying in November from Orlando to Las Vegas with American Airlines. Looking over my flights, I'm not really feeling confident and just wanted to check if I should go ahead with this flight, or if I should be contacting American to see about a change? We fly from Orlando to Charlotte, have a 48 minute connection From from Charlotte to Phoenix, have around 90 minutes before we board our last flight to Vegas. That first connection time is very short. I am just a bit concerned that myself or my luggage might not make it. Just was after an opinion of what people think I should do, or if it would be fine? :) (also all the flights are on the same ticket, purchased at the same time) Thanks Edited: 3:51 am, August 04, 2016
Hello is there a message board for Mileage Programs? We just signed up for a United Credit Card so that we can build up miles for a trip we are planning. All miles on the card will go to my husbands account. We both have about 12K miles on our United miles accounts. I wanted to transfer mine to his until I learned it would cost me $180.00 to do so. I was used to Hawaiian Airlines mileage account and this was a free transaction. Also, by obtaining the United Mileage Explorer credit card, the primary person gets priority boarding and 2 checked bags free. Their traveling companion will get the same as long as their are on the same reservation. So I can't use my miles to get a ticket seperatelly. On Hawaiian, you don't have to be on the same reservation but just traveling together. Some of this doesnt' make sense to me so I want to be sure I am understanding this correctly. Can anyone point me to a board so I can ask questions by those that may be more knowledgeable. Thank you
Hi We are flying out to Punta Cana on June 4th,we have booked the premium cabin seats row 2 A-C Are these seats ok with no problems Many Thanks
I read a lot of bad things for govolo. Please does anyone know, during the time when confirmation is pending, and I have not yet received confirmation, and I have not yet paid, if I try to make cancellation will contacting Govolo or govoyages, does they take from you charge fee or the price of the flight. Thanks a lot.
Hello! long time lurker, looking for some advice. I bought flights for my family and I to travel to India for 2 weeks in August, on Air India, back in August. Basically, the family member we were planning to visit has now passed away, so we are not really able to travel any more at this particular time. I'm just trying to find out what the cost will be to cancel my flights but have scoured the bravely website to no avail. I can't find a breakdown of the cost of my booking or how much of it is taxes, etc. I know I can ring them and ask them but I'd like to have all the facts to hand before I do so! They mention 'agency & payment fees' but don't mention how much they are? I can see also that a voucher can be offered, but even that's not clear as to how it is calculated. Not sure how to proceed, would appreciate some advice, I can see on here that they seem to have a bad rep! thanks in advance valmiki
Hi I booked a flight from Naples to London in July that has a 55 minute lay over in Stuttgart airport. Having never booked a flight myself before I didn't know that this was actually a very short time in terms of changing flights. The two flights are with different airlines (Air Berlin and BA) but I booked them with triptsa not realising it was a fairly bad site.. My question is, is this enough time to make the connecting flight? The planes are in different terminals but I'm not sure how big the airport is and if this would be possible. Any help is really appreciated!! Thanks
I read something about possibly needing something called an empower adapter to use the power plugs on airplanes. Does anyone know if this is necessary for OpenSkies? I would like to be able to charge my cell phone & laptop. Thank you!
We've been European travelers for more years than I can remember - at least one trip per year or more. We've never used travel insurance because except on one occasion we've always booked our own flights, hotels, trains, etc. That said - I've noticed a number of posts on this and other boards gently chiding people who've encountered problems in their travels for not purchasing trip insurance policies. This has gotten me thinking that maybe we've just been lucky all these years. Last year, we were in the Benelux countries during the volcano eruption. Our luck held, as the no-fly ban was lifted on the day we left (in fact, our booked tix were on the first UAL flight allowed out of Brussels). So...we're heading to the UK in May and we are taking a Rick Steves tour of Rome in October before heading on to other Italian cities. Now - we are considering taking out policies for both trips. Has anyone any recommendations? On Rick Steve's website, he's mentioned about four companies - but is very careful not to recommend a particular one. I've investigated one just to see what the rates are (Access America), but am wondering if any of you experienced people have any recommendations or cautions to share. Thanks for any help.
"I am just a little confused on the baggage allowance on Delta. We recently flew Delta LHR-ATL in economy and when I checked in it said we could check 2 bags for free (each). When I look it up on Delta's website, it says from the US to Europe you get 1 free checked bag. delta.com/content/… We did actually check 2 bags for one of us and one for the other and were not charged. The people next to us in the bag drop were also checking 2 bags per person. We did pay for Economy Comfort, but that doesn't seem to affect what bags you can check. The only logical reason I can see would be if the UK is not considered part of Europe and falls into the ""For all other international flights"" at the bottom of the chart. Obviously I'm not complaining, but I'd like to understand so I know in the future if we are entitled to 2 bags. Thanks."
Hiya, Flying from LHR to JFK in may with my other half. Was just wondering what to expect in the world traveller Economy Dining as my other half is very fussy with food. Would it be better to take our own food or is there enough choice? Thanks :)
"My family and I booked 4 tickets to New York for a week long stay, a week cruise, and then reurn home. Given that the day the ship returns to port, we will also have to fly back home, I called British Airways and asked in the slim possibility that Internet will not be avaialble on board the ship (distance, technical problems etc) what can be done if anything to ensure that all 4 family members can be together for the long flight back home. It is a very remote possibility that Internet will not be available on board the ship, but who knows.... I just wanted to make sure that we do not have any unplesant surprises. To my dismay they said that airport check-in is possible but do not guarantee that we will all be seated together. They asked for a total of 200EUR to preallocate the seats. I would expect this from a low-cost budget airline but certainly not from BA. I did not ask for a ticket change or any other upgrade or service (like extra luggage or preferential seating) I should pay for, but paying 5000EUR for 4 tickets and then being asked for another 200EUR for the simplest of service, it really bothers me. In my opinion this is a ""nickel and dime"" practice at best. I wrote them an email about it, and they did NOT even respond to it. I would at least expect a typical answer from them. Are my expectations unreasonable (do not overcharge for services, replay to complaint emails)???? Thank you all, Andreas"
Dear Forum Members. I was wondering if any of you are I.A.P.A. (International Airline Passenger Association) members and if you could share your experiences (or experiences of other persons that you know about) in regards to insurance claims with them. Best regards. Cosmopol
Hi, I'm flying Gold Coast, AUS to Narita airport, Japan at the end of the month. It's a direct flight (no stop-overs), leaving at 10:50 and arriving in Japan at 18:55pm. Sleeping isn't really an option, I suck at sleeping through the day and there is only a 1 hour time difference between Aus and Japan. I'm bringing my iPod touch, and other interesting activities. Also, I'm flying Jetstar, anyone flown with them to Narita? Thanks in advance.
Hi, we are travelling from Gatwick in June and was wondering if anyone knew whether or not this airport had a cling film/ bubble/ cellofane wrap machine? Strange question I know but we wanted to wrap our pushchair up to protect it as when we travelled to Turkey last year they ruined our pushchair and this is a new one. Many thanks :)
Hello, I'm looking for an inexpensive flight from Ft Myers, FL to Denver, CO for Aug 22 thru 29th. Maybe even landing somewhere else and another flight to get to Denver? Thanks for all help!!!
I am going from Calgary to Washington DC via LAX on Apr 24. I won't have any checked baggage. And I am not sure which terminal I will be landing and leaving due to some complications, which are listed below. Is 1 hour 22 min enough? Flight details: YYC 19:15 -> LAX 21:23 United 8305 (operated by Air Canada 572) LAX 23:40 -> BWI 06:49 United 1650 From Terminal 2/6/7/8 to terminal 6/7/8 Thank you!
Hello, I've had an e mail...(to which I've deleted! ) to tell me there are some differences in the luggage that I'm allowed to take....I'm flying with Singapore air to Phuket ,changing in Singapore ...my question is...what is my luggage allowance many thanks !
I will be going to Bali in September and plan on taking a first aid kit containing Over the Counter meds in my carry-on bag. (Flying with carry-on ONLY.) I will be flying on Qatar Airways and transitting in Doha (Qatar). From what I understand, I will be leaving the secure zone when I land in Doha and will have to go through security to board the flight to Denpasar. My question is this: will I be stopped because of the content of my First Aid Kit? It will not contain scissors but will contain OTC meds like Tylenol, pepto-bismol, anti-histamines, immodium and antacid. I assume most people will tell me that I can get these things in Bali but I would rather bring things from home. Thanks. Claire
Hi I'm looking fly from anywhere in the UK to anywhere in India via Jordan for as cheap as possible. If anyone has any useful tips on this that would be great. I've looked at doing some of the multi-city routes through some of the airlines but the closest I can bet is Royal Jordanian for £595 to Bangkok.
Looking at flights I have found a cheapish flight that flies from Vegas to Minneapolis to Manchester. The problem is that there is only 40mins in Minneapolis to change planes. Is this long enough or am I likely to miss the connection? Any advice would be appreciated. Thanks
Hi Can anyone give me a bit of advice on Trang domestic (TST) airport, Thailand ? We are flying to Bangkok with Air Asia from Trang next month, we have 6 hours to kill and we want to head into Trang Town, which is only 5km away, my question is, what facilities Trang airport has in the way of left luggage. I have searched the internet and there’s no information regarding facilities at this airport and I am hoping someone may have done the Koh Lipe – Trang airport route and advice me about left luggage facilities Thanks
I am considering flying Qantas from SFO to Sydney, returning from Brisbane. The return flight requires a connection to American Airlines at LAX. My question is: Will American charge me for checked baggage? The detailed explanation of restrictions on its Web site are unclear, as it states the $15 charge does not apply to passengers starting outside of the U.S. and continuing to international destinations. I am originating in Australia, and SFO is international relative to there, but not relative to LAX or American Airlines itself. Your help would be appreciated!
Hi Leyland, Hopefully you can answer my question. I am sure I have read somewhere that if you book a Thomas Cook Signature holiday you do not have to pay the depature tax, when elaving Cancun. Is this correct? Kind regards and thank you
I have and upcoming MEL - LAX with Qantas and a separately booked LAX - SEA Virgin America flight the same day. Does anyone have any recent experience with getting the baggage ticketed through to the final destination? I have a 10hr layover so no issue with transit time, in fact i only ask as i intend to hire a day room at the travel lodge and would rather not cart my luggage around for the day. (2 adults and 3 kids) Thankyou kind people
Hey so to keep down holiday costs this year we have decided to use just hand luggage (should be doable) What I am wondering is if anyone has traveled from dublin with AerLingus lately that may be able to tell me how strict they are with the sizing of the hand luggage bag. ie I know the max height according to there website is 21.5 inches. what do ye reckon if I was slightly over that measurement? I have 2 bags to chose from here one is way over at 25inches and the other is 23inches. both are soft material just wondering what people would recommend. Thanks so much
Would value everyone's opinion on what is the best and most direct flight path and airline to get a family from Melb to Orlando return. I prefer more direct, premium economy for any long legs. Ive thought melb - honolulu , rest then honalulu - orlando but cant seem to find any Melb - Hon direct fights .
Just came back from Cancun yesterday. I flew from Cancun to JFK on Jetblue and was told at check in that I would to pay a $21 departure tax. That didn't sound right to me bc I always had that fee included in my airline ticket. I have traveled to Cancun for 5 years straight. I asked the clerk to check again and he said it wasn't included in my ticket. Something automatically wasn't smelling right to me. He asked if I flew into Cancun on JetBlue. I responded that I used Continental (Newark to CUN). I didn't have my Continental detailed receipt, so I paid the departure tax by credit card so I could dispute the charges later. Today I call JetBlue to inquire about the tax and they said a $21 Mexico tourism tax WAS included in my ticket fare. Then get this, I checked my Continental receipt and I was also charged a $21 Mexico tourism tax. So was I really charged 3 times for the same thing? Is the Mexico tourism tax the same thing as the departure tax? I called JetBlue and didn't get a clear answer from a rep. I've learned now to carefully look at the taxes and fees and to print the receipts to take to the airport. Thanks for your help!
I'm flying klm from Manchester to Amsterdam then to Denpasar in march we only have 1hr10mins to get off the Manchester flight and on to the Denpasar flight has anyone done this flight I tried to change my earlier flight from Manchester but klm wouldn't let me so need to know if it doable anybody Thanks
hello im wondering if anyone can help me please? im flying with virgin from man to orlando on the 8th june,does anyone know if I can find out what plane we will be on?its not saying anything on my virgin log in page. thank you in advance trace xx
Hello Everyone I will be flying to CPT on July 31st via DOH, and I need help with the transit process. These are my flights: QR764 (YUL-DOH) QR1369 (DOH-CPT) ----- BA6406 (operated by Comair Ltd) (CPT-JNB) QR1364 (JNB-DOH) QR763 (DOH-YUL) For the returning trip, I was wondering if my luggage will be checked all the way through to Montreal, or do I need to pick it up at JNB and check it in again, or do I do that at DOH? Thanks in advance
The other half and I are looking at going to Iran later in the year. We have already booked flights from SYD-BKK on miles so that is pretty much set as our transit point. I see that a couple of the big middle eastern airlines do 1 stop services to Tehran with varying levels of (in)convenience with their connections. What I'd prefer to book though is one of the daily flights operated by Mahan Air (or depending on whether their winter schedule matches our dates, one of Iran Air's flights on the 747SP!!!!). None of the usual booking engines or sites show the Mahan Air flights and the Mahan website doesn't have a booking portal. Does anyone know how or where I can check prices for Mahan flights (both biz and whY) online? Thanks!
Hello Earlier this evening I was attempting to purchase tickets on Aer Lingus's website. I was able to get through the entire process (credit card info incl) until I hit the Purchase button - I immediately got thrown back to a search screen. I am assuming that the reservation did not go through . I am curious if anyone else has experienced this problem when using Safari? I searched previous forum posts but didn't see anything mentioned. I will most likely attempt to retry the transaction tomorrow on my laptop as opposed to my iPad. Thank you Thank in advance
Hello, we just booked our economy seats on Virgins refitted LGW 747. We have selected seats row 79 ABC which are upstairs. Behind these seats are the stairs. Could anyone tell me if these seats recline or not? Seat Guru does not have the updated seat map for this plane. Would like these seats so nobody will be prodding the touchscreens all the way accross the pond but we be put off them if the seats wont recline. Many thanks Paul
Anyone ever flown from LAX to SJO (Costa Rica) on this airline? I heard the seats are truly quite hard and uncomfortable. This particular route usually flies an A319. The TACA website shows the types of planes they have in their fleet, but no detailed seat maps. Anyone know where I can find seat maps for their planes...or have any advice on the seats, exit rows, etc.? Thanks! -Hershel
"Hi I hope an expert can help me here. I am looking at travelling to Las Vegas from the UK in September. The flight carrier is advertised as Iberia however it says below "" Operated by British Airways"". We want to fly BA, will this flight be a BA or Iberia plane? I hope you can clarify. Thank you"
We are travelling late August departing Auckland with a 14 hour stopover in Hong Kong. Has anyone else had this length of stop over? We arrive 7.30am and depart 11.25pm? I'd be interested to hear how others have coped with this length of Stopover. I am travelling with an eleven year old and fourteen year old. Thanks
I am just about to book a package holiday with easyjet but after reading some bad reviews I am getting slightly worried. Can anyone who has booked a package holiday with them give me some advice on this?? Many thanks Milissa
Hi My daughter and I will have a 14 hour stopover from 20.20 on Sunday 7th August to 10.50 on Monday 8th August. Never been to Atlanta before. Any suggestions? Seems a very long time to be doing nothing. Thanks
"Hi, has anyone had any problems with HMPO online form when submiting their passport application? I applied for my first adult passport in July/2014 by using the online form available. Approximately six weeks later I received a letter saying I needed to complete a whole new form, this time in paper form. I contacted HMPO and asked why, since my application was complete and with no errors. They told me it was because I had missed Section 4 (details on parents). I went back into the online form, this time taking screen shots with date and time, and surprise, surprise there was no Section 4 in the online version of the form. I was never given the opportunity to write my parents details. I repeated the process several times in different dates and managed to get to the end of the form (screen to complete payment and submit). I tried contacting them by phone, but they insisted that despite the problem I had to go through the whole process again. I tried complaining, had no replies. Phoned again several times, then they finally said they could not find my application, then later on they ""found"" it but that there was no way around it. As a result I have waited for my passport to be processed for more than 8 weeks now - and still no idea when it will be finalised. I read in a similar trip advisor forum (""Problems with the Passport Office,dated April 2014) that some people, Miss B and Nanny503927 for example, were having similar problems. I would not recommend use of HMPO online form for new applicants... And i was wondering if anyone has had similar issues. Thank you"
Hi there I'm travelling to Prague from Delhi later this week on a Schengen visa. The Lufthansa flight involves a 5 hour transit in Frankfurt. I'm a little unsure about customs and immigration rules. Would I get a through checkin till Prague, or need to collect bags in Frankfurt and go through immigration etc there since it's my first point of entry into Schengen zone? Grateful for any advice on this Thanks
Hi all,apologies if this question has been answered before,or the answer is staring me in the face on the BA home page. I am flying to Hong Kong with British Airways,then Hong Kong to Sydney with Cathay Pacific next month.l booked the full journey with British Airways. British Airways allow 23 kilos,Cathay Pacific allow 20 kilos baggage allowance,l am confused as to whether l will have to `lose` 3 kilos on the Cathay Pacific leg,or the BA allowance will be allowed on the HK-Syd flight. Any help gratefully accepted
(URGENT!)My name is ---------, and I need your help. I booked two ticket through BRAVOFLY in OCT. Recently, According to the Air Canada Company, my passenger name on my ticket is wrong: surname and given name is reversed. On my ticket my surname is “------” and my given name is “--”, but actually on my passport my first name is “--” and my given name is “------”. (I attached copy of my passport in my email) According to the Air Canada （i called them and confirmed the name situation）, if I don’t change the passenger name on my ticket though your company, I would not be able to get on board. so please help me. My plane is 3 days later and I have been called BRAVOFLY for four times, every time BRAVOFLY promised me to change it but no one actually did. My time is running out and it is really very urgent, so please help me , thank you so much, your work will be appreciated. Besides，the same situation happened to my friend WU WEI too (Please see the attached copy of her passport in my email ) . We book the tickets together，I hope BRAVOFLY can solve our problem at the same time, thank you!
We booked a flight from SF to Prague through Charles de Gaulle airport in Paris with only about an hour layover. We then heard that it is a difficult airport to change planes...Is it better to just check our luggage in SF, knowing that our luggage might get there before us if we miss the connection, or should we carry on and run through the airport while carrying our luggage? ( We found out that they charge $500 if we do miss the flight and have to book a late one...ouch..) Thanks in advance for any replies.
Next May I plan to spend time in Italy, and then a week in Crete. What is the best and cheapest way to get to Crete from Rome. I appreciate any comments or info you may have. Thanks
Hello, I am sorry for posting this in the air travel forum, but I have spent literally weeks trying to research this, calling everybody I can think of, only to be told to contact my embassy who does not take phone calls or give any advice. Can somebody who has travelled to America before under the visa waiver programme please give me a list of absolutely everything I needed? I can't risk being denied and losing all the money I spent. Please reply as I am due to travel very soon. Thank you.
Hi everyone, I know this question is noting to do with Cyprus but as your normally all so helpfull thought you might know. We are pre-booking our seats flying with Monarch, and wonderd if anyone knew which are good seats to go for, we was going to go for the first Row whcih is the Bulkhead? not the toilet side the galley side and wondered if these were ok, all legroom ones have gone, so thought this might give us slightly more legroom, any views. We dont normally pre-book, but after last year not sitting together we are this year. Thanks in advance
hi, just wondering when is likely to be the best time to book cheaper flights to orlando for the end of august, i'm a teacher so need to go during summer holidays so expect it to be more expensive but at the minute the prices are sky high. is there likely to be a jan sale or what is peoples advice for me in relation to flights? we simply couldn't afford to go at the current prices. has to be flight only as we already have accomodation over there, my mum is in the disney vacation club!! thanks in advance!
Hello, Could anyone please tell me when United Airlines will release their flights for October 2010? They are only up until the end of July 2010 at the mo, and I cant wait to book! Thanks :-)
I recently ventured to a website that claims to provide you discounted first class by buying the miles of a seller who has the necessary miles. It is an incredible deal but before I shell out any funds to them, I am hoping someone here can advice having used their services or know about them. Thanks. The website : http://frequentflyerdepot.com
Flying AA from Dublin in june. Does anybody know if i bring my own headphones will the jack fit ok or will i need an adaptor? Thanks
Hello everyone. When i booked my tickets, I input my first name like this : Bob Joe (because it has a Hyphen and air china would not let me input Bob-Joe), and my last name like this : Smith. Now, on the air china booking website, it shows as First Name : Bob, and Middle name : Joe. On my passport my first name is clearly Bob-Joe with no middle name. Now my question is, will I run into trouble when boarding my plane because of this? Thanks for your help :)
Hi Does anyone know what time exit seats are released on manage my booking 14 days head of the flight - ie mignight of the 14 days before, the time of flight, etc? thanks
Hello Does anyone know how much tAA charge for extra suitcases? the last time I travelled you could have 2 suitcases each, now I know the rules have changed. I will be travelling from Gatwick to Miami. I read on thier website its $30, but I also see somewhere else it $60. Does anyone know what the actual charges are? Thank you.
Does anyone know if there is a particular time of year when airlines tend to have good prices on airfare? We're going on a Carnival Cruise in June 2007 and want to find the best deal on airfare. Thanks!
We will be going to Amsterdam from Los Angeles in Mid-May, 2014. Does anyone have thoughts as to when we should book the flights? The fares are pretty high right now. I know there are no guarantees that the fares will come down, but I would really appreciate any advise on this. Thank you!
Hi Given the possibility of extra security checks on US flights does the following connection time seem too tight as the travel agent thinks it is ok but I have my doubts. Dublin to LHR on Aer Lingus ETA 0910 in T1 and departing on Virgin Atlantic from T3 to San Francisco ETD 1100. I think this connection is too tight but any advice (especially from anyone who has travelled to the States from LHR recently) would be welcome.
Hi, I've just booked to go to Hurghada with Viking airlines. I've read some horror stories about them but have heard that they have improved and now have newer planes. Has anyone flown with them recently? I'd like to hear of experiences and thoughts on them! Thanks
Can anyone help us decide on which card gives the most bang for your buck with regard to frequent flier miles. We'd like to be able to take advantage of using a credit card to accumulate miles to offset our air travel costs. We're sure there are many experienced travelers out there who can lend a hand, thanks in advance for your help. Gee
"We are flying Lufthansa premium economy from Charlotte to Munich in Sept. Has anyone else flown with them in this class? If so can you review the experience. I paid $200 extra for each seat Clt to Munich but had to pay $500 extra for each seat on the way home from Munich to Charlotte. Not sure why this huge disparity but was essentially told by Lufthansa ""we do so because we can"". thanks for your response in advance...."
I want to apply for a job in cname-, Tampa, FL. What is the website? Thanks
My mother in law is flying into San Francisco International Airport. How do we get her on cname- to Fresno? Thank you.
"I have entered Palm Springs as a departure point and keep getting an error message. It came up clearly after I clicked on ""find a station"". THX."
I am suppose to pick up a person at the Westwood, MA station but need an address for my GPS. Can you give me the address? Couldn't find it on the Internet. Thanks. ---- ------
My name is ----- ---- ---- I have an evocher on file from aug 18th 2015 coule email me the vocher number I can not the vocher its for $11.90 thank You
Hi -----. I am attempting to change the email address connected to my cname- account. It will not allow me to save this information in my profile. Please assist and thank you!
If I purchase a rail pass and want to upgrade a segement to business class or roomette, what would be the additional cost? Thanks,
I set up my password for this: ########## and it won't take it. What is wrong with that one? I've tried other ones too, and they won't work. Thank you.
I reserved a round trip ticket ####### but not received the pdf e-ticket over email yet. Could you please assist me to see what is wrong with the email connection? Thanks.
I didn't receive the emailed ticket for my trip on 12/9, from Emeryville, CA to Boston, MA, reservation confirmation no ######. Could you please email it again to --------------------. Thank you.
I'd like to book a round trip from nyc Penn Station to 30th Street station Philadelphia on December 5 at 10:00am and returning from Philly at 5:30pm can you help me book this? Thank you so much
Hi, we are making two train reservations and we will be traveling with two children and have questions about the luggage that we are allowed? Thanks.
I took a round trip from Baltimore to Stamford CT on Thursday, 11/19. Whwn will the points be credited to my guest rewards? Thanks, --- -------
is it possible to get information about past cname- travel? I need to know all trips I took in 2014 and 2015. thank you
My eVoucher expired on 10/24/15. I understand that it expired after 1 year, but was hoping that perhaps you could override the system to allow my use of the $31.50 voucher? Only 9 days past date. Thx
Hi,----- question if I,buy a ticket via internet in kansas city for my sister coming from naperville il. can i send the ticket # can she pick up her ticket at the naperville station??Tx.
I didn't receive the emailed ticket for my trip on 12/9, from Emeryville, CA to Boston, MA, reservation confirmation no ------. Could you please email it again to --------------------. Thank you.
I heard that I can buy and 'on-off' pass for $500 which allows interrupts in trip. Is this true. Can you send me more information about this. Thanks
Exchange Voucher - how do I use it? I am about to buy a ticket for next Monday, how do I insure that I get the credit of $19 on my exchange voucher? Thanks.
Good morning, we're from England and are trying to book a train journey for next year, from Los Angeles to Las Vegas. Please can you advise if there is a direct train route, thank you
This is our first time on a train. Do I get assigned seats? Have a family and need to make sure we have seats together with the kids? Thanks
Hi! I was wondering if you need to check in 3 days prior to your train departing? I am new at this and will be leaving on Wednesday so I want to make sure everything is squared away. Thank you
I have a quick question. I just wanted to know before I buy my ticket, if I don't make it to the scheduled time of departure, can I ride in the next available trip going to the same destination? Thank
I have not yet received my email ticket. Is there a problem? Thank you
How many points do I have on my cname- account, ############? Thanks, -----
How much is the train to Leavenworth for two? I will be working out of town and can't call! Thanks
Hi! Can I take a rental car on the Coast Starlight from PDX to CMO return? Thanks
what is the phone number for reservations? Not getting information I need online. Thanks
I would like to see trips leaving from a particular city. How do I find that information? Thanks!
Thank you - I must research the exact amount of ticket. nancy I'll go through this again when I have more info at my finger tips
I have three different Mileage plan account cards - one is ###########, and one is ######## and one is ########. Which is the correct one? Thank you.
I am flying from California to New York next week. I was wondering if I would be able to bring some bags of fruit (cherimoyas) with me on the flight. Thank you
HI ---- I BOUGHT THE INS IN THE EVENT I HAVE TO CANCEL MY FLIGHT HOW DOES THAT WORK THANKS -----
This is my first time to fly at 80 years of age. I would like to know if my seat is by a window 23B/5d 5D/10d. Thank you
WHAT IS THE ADDRESS FOR MILEAGE plan? i WOULD LIKE TO MAIL IN COPIES OF MY BOARDINH PASSES FOR STAR ALLIANCE CREDIT. tHANK Y0U.
I need a ticket for my sister to fly with us to London on Aug 14th, 2013 and home on Sept 7th, 2013. We have our tickets. We are on Flt.#### and fly.###. Thanks, -----
I was a cname- frequent flyer over 10 years ago. I've forgotten my log in info. Can my old account be re-opened? Thanks, ----------
Hi ----, i didn't get a confirmation email fro a flight I booked. Am I on a flight out of Aspen, colorado to Denver at 11:40 or so? My name is ------- -----. Thanks.
Hi me and my wife are going from dsm to bro tomorrow leaving at 6am in Houston we only have a 30min change time do we have to change concourses Thanks -----
thanks for your help. I think I need to sign up for a new card.
Hi just make a purches of 2 tickets from fortlauderdale to charlotte north carolina,please check if went to the system, my computer have aproblem please call me at ###-###-#### thankyou
i am still waiting for my miles back from last feb.trip to hawaii only one part of flight did we get upgrade you own me at lease 40000 miles back thank you mileage plan no ##### ### ###
Hi, I am ------- ------, my mileage number is ############. Kindly check my points. I went home to the Philippines last Christmas. Kindly check if there are some additional points in my mileage. Thank
I would like to book an LAX hotel with my Mileage plan miles for March 5th. How do I go about doing that? Thanx.
I AM ATTEMPTING TO TRANSFER MY MILEAGE BALANCE TO WOUNDED WARRIOR. IT HAS NOT ALLOWED ME TO DO SO. HOW DO I DO THAT THANKS
I made these reservations last year and do not see our economy plus seat selection. thanks.
I just booked a one-way IAD-SGN an hour ago and could not find a one-way back SGN-IAD, can I cancel the one IAD-SGN for now and continue to search for other date? Thanks!
No thank you but you helped me alot can we be friends?
Why hasn't my trip been updated yet? Booking number ------ . I was told it would update today to upgrade to business first on my trip using my reward. Miles. Please advise. Thank you
Thank you. I thought that I got 120 premier qualifying segments last year. Should I get the Global Premier Upgrade?
---- is there a phone number I can call ???? Thanks for the help.
Would you email me when I can buy mileage plan points using your double bonus? Thanks, ------------
I would like a duplicate mileageplan card sent to me in the mail. Thank you.
"HOW CAN I UPGRADE MY TICKET TO BUSINES IF I DO NOT HAVE ENOH=GH TO REDEEM IT"""" TAHNKS"
Hi ----, how can I access my earned mileages for the whole year of 2012? Thanks!
hi! My father will travel alone on Feb. 2. His reservation number is ------. I want to double check that we have reserved the wheel chair service for him. Thanks.
I can't find a phone number or a contact point to request assistance for wheelchair passenger on Tuesday. I have a very tight connection timeline at San Francisco, only 1 hour and 45. Thank you for yo
how do I know if I fall into a Premier Access category? Is there some place I can look it up on my account? Thanks
Thanks. It is complicated and I need some time to digest the rules. But to make sure that the letters I am receiving are not a SCAM, is the Mileageplan Magazine Awards Center in Salt Lake City?
Thank you ----. Happy New Year. As long as we don't exceed the maximum weight of 23 kgs. it's ok, Is that correct?
Can you look up my frequent flyer miles# for me? I tried to find it via email address but could not access it inline. thanks
if I use my mileage for a ticket, for some reason, if I cannot make the flight, can I get mileage refund back? thanks,
Hello My flight was delayed for 4 hours yesterday from LAX to SFO ? How can I request for the compensation for delay, if any. Thank you. ---
please check up -------- checking flight # #### or not .thankyou
"Can I purchase an """"unaccompanied minor"""" add-on for my daughter's flight to the US? I have already purchased her ticket -- without this add-on. Thanks"
Is the checked baggage allowance from Toronto to Sao Paulo brazil 70 pounds per bag per person or 70 pounds in total? I am reading per bag but want to make sure before we embark. Thank you.
I just changed my reservation and get miles refunded, when these refunded mile can be back to my account. thank
I'd like to book reward travel from IAH to NYC. I'd like to get four tickets using three accounts (mine, my daughter's, and my wife's). How might I do that? Thanks
I have miles I need to add. How do I add these miles I already have? Thanks for your help with this matter. ---------
Good Morning. Would you please tell me what is going on with our account? This is set up for auto pay and now I see that the Oct payment was not taken. Thanks,
Any deals on cname-- services--need to reduce monthly fees. What can you provide and thanks
wondering why I get charged sales tax twice on my bill? Thanks
Please help fix this problem. When I sign in email, I don't my listing of emails. I continually get the Sign in screen. Thanks -----
Hi, I understand my bill is past due. Do I at least have until tomorrow to pay it? Thanks!
Hi, thank you, I am having trouble logging in with my home phone number and service address zip code. I need help logging in to my account. Can you help me?
hello ~ I don't remember out user name or password but the system won't let me reset. Please let me know what I need to do. Thanks
Thanks, by wasting my time I may go to Hulu and other services and dumping you.
new to cname--, want to view my account statments on line.....shows standard, npt head of household or admin with my user name...how can I change this???? thank you ----------
I want the late payment charge to be deleted because I tried, in vain, MANY times to pay online and there was an issue with your website. Thank you.
"I am not receiving email. Is there a problem with my email address ""-----------------"" or with the server ? Thank you."
hi ,my tv to my bedroom cable not working , may you resend signal .thanks
My last payment has not been decucted from my chceking account posted 10/30 and now my bill shows I owe 64.99? why is this? thanks
hello, my account shows the bill of 59.99 instead of 39.99, why that happen? thanks!
After signing in with my new password I still cannot view my email Please help I don't know what else to do. thanks
I have been getting a lot of junk emails for the last several months? What can I do to decrease the amount of spam? Thank you.
