Hello, just wondering which travel insurance you guys use that really work? In the fall we had a two week vacation to Europe, involved four United flights. First got canceled, ergo the second one we missed. Took three other ones instead. On the trip back two flights were planned. Both got canceled even though they were confirmed about three times. Had to take another airline back, skipped last flight and took the train back instead. Had paid for the overseas flight extra for economy plus seats and of course didn't get them since the flight got canceled and we flew with another carrier. Paid $700 for travel insurance, didn't see a penny. Thanks, Undine
Hi! Among all the US airlines, which offers the best service and reliability? I've heard horrid stories abt flight cancellation, delays, poor service, bad air plane conditions etc. We'll be taking a 6 hr flight from SFO to MCO (Orlando), with 3 kids. Appreciate the feedback. thks v much!!
Hi, can anyone help. I have never travelled with ryanair before, or checked in online. If you don't have your boarding pass its £60 for a re-issue at the airport so don't want that to happen. I have checked in and printed my boarding pass but its only for the outward journey to Malta. Should I have one to come back or is the pass issued at Valletta. Tried customer services but can never get through. Thanks
Hi everyone, A quick question - we have booked through BA to travel to Bali, via Changi. We're flying British Airways from LHR to Singapore, but our connecting flight is on Jetstar, and as we have quite a long time between flights in Changi (12 hours), we would like to make use of the transit hotel. However, as we will not be checked in from London straight through to Bali, we will have to reclaim our bags from the BA flight and then check in to the Jetstar one. As far as I can tell, both airlines use Terminal 1. My question is: will we be classed as transit passengers and therefore be able to use the transit hotel? My concern is that we will have to clear immigration in order to collect our bags, but then find that we are stuck landside and unable to use the hotel because check-in for our Jetstar flight to Bali doesn't open until several hours after our flight from London arrives. If anyone could put my mind at rest I'd be most grateful - thank you!
Hey, I'm going to Japan on the 24th of June for 5 weeks to summer school and I have stopovers in Amsterdam in the Netherlands and Seoul in South Korea before finally arriving in Japan. I'm only staying for around 2-3 hours during my stopovers and won't be leaving the airports. My question is if I need to reclaim my luggage at each stopover and check it in again or will it simply just be transferred to the next flight? My airlines are KLM (for the flight to Amsterdam) and Korean Air (to Seoul and Japan), and I only have one reservation number and paid for my whole trip on Expedia so I think my flights are all on one boarding pass but I'm not sure. Thank you in advance!
Hi there Can anyone advise on Finnair's in flight entertainment. Mainly would like to know if they have personal and if so, how is the choice of movies avaialble. Looks like the planes are 747-400 & A330. The route is SYD to BKK to HEL to VIE and vice versa. Many thanks
Hi, Someone paid a deposit of $100 on my behalf without me agreeing to it and now I have to cancel my flight as I am unable to return to the country on time to take the Delta Flight. How much cancellation fees should I expect to pay?
"Hi, As information, for all long-haul Air Asia passengers.. They have now published more information regarding their newly introduced ""connection"" service. Here's their direct web page outlining the flights that are eligible, process and specific restrictions/requirements to avail of such: Air Asia: http://www.airasia.com/my/en/transfer.html Full Eligibility Schedule: airasia.com/iwov-resources/my/common/pdf/Air… Note that this service is currently NOT available for any intra-Asia services, services to/from/via Thailand, within the SEA region or originating in KUL. Travel Safe,"
Hi. Has anyone used any of the airport lounges at Gatwick? I was just wondering if alcohol is SELF SERVICE or BAR SERVICE. I travelled from Luton last year and their lounge allows you to serve your own drinks. I prefer this way. I am travelling from Gatwick on the 6th Feb 2014
Hey all, I`m after a bit of advice from seasoned travellers. We have the chance to go to Vegas in September this year, is there any chance of a BA / VIRGIN sale that would include Sept flights? We don`t travel much but I think they had a sale around June last year?? If not I can just book with AA but would prefer direct if possible, but not for an extra £250 pp! Any help or advice much appreciated.
Hi there, we are considering flying from London to Mombasa with Condor. The flight stops in Frankfurt on the way. I've seen some negative reviews. The price comes up in euros but it is still a good deal. Can anyone let me know their experiences with Condor? Thank you
"Hello, I am ready to book my flight to Dubai and see that Emirates has a ""Promotional Offer?"" box on its reservation page. Does anyone know how to find out about these offers? Thanks for your help! -----"
Hi - I am trying to book a multi city tkt: DFW > SFO > (road trip to Seattle) > DFW The SFO to Seattle Airport part will be a rental car. Does multi city booking allow this? - or the successive arrival / departure airports need to be the same???
Hi, As information.. Australian Business Traveler is reporting today that Qantas (QF) will introduce and charge-- AU$20, or the redemption of QF FFP points-- for the ability to pre-reserve seats(outside of the 24hr check-in window) on all international bookings.. Naturally there is the standard list of exempted groups like status FFP's, as well as PE, C/J and F passengers.. Australian Business Traveler: ausbt.com.au/qantas-introduces-20-fee-for-ch… Qantas has now incorporated it into their main page here: qantas.com.au/travel/…en Travel Safe, Edited: 12:45 am, March 30, 2011
Hi all, I was wondering if you have any tips or suggestions with booking airfares over the Christmas holidays. I am wanting to go to Houston, Texas from Sydney, Australia. Departing around the 20th December and returning around the 12th January. Do you know if there will be any sales for this time period or chances of flights dropping in price? Reading forums already posted, I will be sticking to purchasing directly from airline carriers. To many dodgy and expensive travel agencies and third parties out there.
Hi - thinking of taking own full size pillow on flight to try for comfort. Hoping to sleep. I have lorazepam and motion sickness wafer to take. Anything else I could do? Thanks
Hello All!! My brother and I will be taking our first trip, of hopefully many to London in May of 2010. We have been offered by a family friend to use his United miles to fly within the Economy Plus cabin in exchange for $1500. I have been a little trigger shy on this because I have read some not so great reviews about United. I have been searching everyday and have found a Virgin Atlantic flight in economy for $200 less. Any advice you all have would be great...I can't wait to get those tickets in our hands!!
Hi i`ve booked my holiday with Super Escapes but i fly with easyJet. Super Escapes want to charge me £68 to add 1 suitcase to the hold. Is it possible to add and pay for a case to the hold via easyJet or do i need to do it via Super Escapes? So far i can`t get a clear reply or answer off either company, easyJet say add it via `manage your bookings` but i don`t have a suitable booking reference number. But i don`t want to pay £68 if i can book it via easyJet for half the price. Any help or advice would be greatly appreciated. Thank you.
hi all, i will be landing into singapore from bali at 20.15 in the evening and flying out on emirates to london at 21.45 cutting it close i know! i will have checked baggage, so emirates website says 90 minutes, but what i cannot find out is whether i would have to leave the airport as an arrival from bali, and then walk back in as a checkin departure for london? i am hoping that i can transfer internally quicker, i will have checked in online for emirates but not have a boarding pass - i have booked the 2 flights with different companies myself so it is not an airline transfer (like the one i will be doing in dubai on emirates) thanks in advance! ---
Hi, As information for any US passport holder or future applicant. New passport fees will become effective from 13 July 2010 onward. This is for all applications lodged *on or after* this date. Remember if you use a passport acceptance office (like a US post office) or one of the regional Department of State Passport Offices, it's the date on which you actually file or submit your application that will determine the fee matrix. If you are eligible to, and use regular US Mail for submission, it's the post mark date that will govern. Note that the one of the biggest increases (expressed as percentage) is in the additional page insert fee, which goes from *free* to $82 per insert added. Here's the entire new fee matrix from the DoS' Passport Services page: travel.state.gov/passport/fees/fees_5079.html If your passport is going to expire soon, will have less than 6 months validity, or you need to add extra pages, this would be an *excellent* time to do so, before the new fee matrix becomes applicable. Travel Safe,
G'day everyone ,I'm sick of being charged top dollars for airtravel in this country (australia)and looking for cheap flights from melb australia to london uk but not purchasing from my departure point I recently saw flight london to melb ret for 485 pound including taxes and most are around 500to 600 pound with the improving australian dollar the air fare seem tobe more expensive aswell so I dont understand why they can be cheaper to purchase in the uk any ideas will be much appreciated some fares in this country approaching $2000 aud at the cheap end cheers
hiya all im flying back from kuala lumpur via dubai to manchester the first leg to dubai im in economy class but the second leg iv upgraded useing my skywards miles to business class my question is will i be able to use the emirates lounge at dubai airport before my business class flight home thanks ---------
Hello as a family of 4 we were thinking of picking the middle row 37 or 46. I have checked SeatGuru which says those seats MAY have limited recline but wonder if anyone has flown in either of those rows and could say what the recline was like ? Many thanks , -----
Hi all, probably a stupid question but it will put my mind at ease. I have booked on a United flight, just entered the details went to add something else and it has wiped all my passport and address details. I went back in again and it has wiped it all again.Does it actually save it? Thanks.
Hello all, can you help!!! Me my wife and two children,tried to check in on saturday,from Casablanca to heathrow,we were told the flight was full and we would have to come back the following day or go Iberia via Madrid. we of couse complained but the check in staff basically laughed at us,so we got the flight via madrid at much distress to my family. We had boked these seats months in advance . Is there anything i can do to compensate us for this,our food we had to buy at Madrid Airport and the extra parking charges at Heathrow,oh and the flight from madrid to Heathrow was delayed one hour also !!Thanks
Hi everybody. I'm flying London - Madrid - Lima with Air Europa in January 2014. I've made the reservation already but since my passport will expire within 6 months of my arrival to Peru I've been told it's most secure to get a new passport. That means a new passport number. Has anybody any experience with changing the passport number after making a reservation with Air Europa? I know that with most airlines it's not a problem but I can't seem to find any info online regarding Air Europa. All the best, Safarikur Sjomli.
Hi, we are travelling to Tobago next week with Virgin I am tempted to book the V Room, online is quoted as £20 per person Is it worth it? Thanks for your comments
Hi there, was wondering fi someone could help me out. I'm flying to chicago from dublin on a 3C2 Aerlingus plane and trying to find if there are power ports to use my laptop in economy? When I travelled to New York from Belfast on Continental there were actual plugs to use and charge my laptop but aerlingus says they do not have these. Therefore, I looked on the apple website and they claim that my laptop can be used if there is a EmPower port available but I cannot see if this plane has it? Would be really great if somone could help me out. Thanks, Patrick
Hi, Because I like to be over prepared and am flying with 2 kids, I am tying to find out how a flight goes in terms of when meals are given out and lights out or any thing else of importance. Might sound silly to some but knowledge makes me less anxious. Melbourne to Los Angeles economy flight, 9.15 am departure. Thank you. Edited: 1:56 am, January 04, 2016
Hi ! Me and my wife are flying from Stockholm to Cape town via Istanbul and Jo-burg on the 26th of january 2012 and return flight the same route back to Stockholm on the 12 of february 2012. Is it possible to prebook seats. With best regards --------------- / member of Star Alliance
Hi, I'm looking at going on a tour with Archers Direct to San Francisco, Las Vegas and LA with my 70 year old mum as a birthday treat. Anyone used the company or even better been on this tour?
Hi I am looking to book flights fom Heathrow to JFK. If I book tickets on the Delta website for a flight operated by Virgin it works out almost £150 cheaper than if I book via virgin Atlantic and approx £100 pounds cheaper than buying through Expedia. Apart from booking through a different airlines website will my trip be any different than booking direct with Virgin. I haven't travelled on a code share flight since I was a child. I intend to travel premium economy if that makes any difference. Thanks Alec
Hi guys, I just wanna ask if someone has same problem like I do. I can't get on the official website of Vietnam Airlines, www.vietnamairlines.com. I bought tickets with them and I wanted to check dome informations, but I can't get anywhere. It repost it on google.dodo.com.au/search.html… and that's it. No way to get there. Any ideas what happened? Im quite nervous, because it's first time I will fly with these guys and this is not good sign. Thank you
Hi we re flying from malta to barcelona and then to tenerife - we plan to use ryanair. with us we re taking our 1 year old girl. i m not sure on how to transport her milk feeds, as no liquids r allowed in d hand luggage. i ve read u have to use a zipper bag but i cant understand how and why. maybe someone has been through that before and can help me. thanks for any info u can give me.
Hi Ta's I was trying to get flights for Orlando in August 2014 and return in September through JFK but prices at the moment are sky high when compared to what I got last February (was doing a trial booking for August this year to work out some costs) Do you think prices will go down come January 2014..................this is driving me crazy!!
Hi, does anyone know when Flybe release flights for on and after Oct 27th? Flying Birmingham-Edinburgh Oct 25th and can get outbound flight. Want to come back Oct 27th but no flights as yet. Thanks, not sure whether to book outbound as a good price. No contact us email on website just 10p per minute telephone number. Many thanks....Di x
hi, can anyone share their experience with thomas Cook premium cabin? I've flown with thomson in premium before and loved it. Just not sure about tc? I believe the cabins are being refurbed from this may, so I'm just wondered about the overall experience with Thomas Cook :) We've booked the middle 3 seats right at the front of the cabin, travelling with my hubby and our littleone whos 3years, so I'm hoping the space and entertainment will be easier for us. Thanks for any advise Sarah
Hello everyone! My fiancé and I are traveling to Maui next May to get married. I am planning on booking flights with United since I have enough miles to upgrade us to first class. I just wondered if anyone has flow this route and could give me a review of the first class cabin. Thanks :)
Hello! I am travelling from Europe to Rio de Janeiro, and would like to get an advice on the comfort of the Business Class. What would you recommend? - Amsterdam-Rio with KLM Boeing 777-200ER - Frankfurt-Rio with Luifthansa Airbus A340-300 - Paris-Rio with Air France Boeing 747-400 I will be travelling with 2 kids – 3.5 and 1.5 years old. Thanks in advance!
Hello all will need to get to either of these destinations next July and noticed on Ryanairs website they fly here from Liverpool. No availability as yet on their website could anyone tell me when these flights might start to go on sale. Many thanks for any info. Regards DilbertPhilbert
Hi. I am 6ft 5 tall and hoping to fly to Japan in May next year. Just wondered which airline would give any sort of space for my knees in Economy. Was going to choose between Emirates, Cathay Pacific and Qatar. Open to suggestions thanks...
Hi All, Wife and I are flying to majorca with Thompson for the first time, we have the free 15kg checked bags allowance each. my question is can we take hand luggage upto 10kg for free? Thanks in advance Kam
Hi All, I'm the director of a non-profit music group and we are organizing a concert tour to Austria and the Czech Republic in July 2011. We are looking for online places or airline companies with the best prices on flights. We will be booking about 25 airline tickets. We'll be traveling from Edmonton, Alberta, Canada to Munich, Germany...and returning from Prague, Czech Republic to Edmonton. Any suggestions of websites that offer good prices? Thanks a bunch! Christina
Hi, I am travelling by Delta and bringing breast milk back. Does anybody have any experience if they let you take it in the carry-on? I will have 1 weeks worth volume. Thanks
Hi I would like help on finding a good travel company. Thank you
Hi clutching at straws here, does anyone know if first choice price match an on-line price? found an holiday I would like to book for hubbys 50th, cant do it on-line as this would spoil the surprise regards
Hi We are about to book the terminal 2 airport lounge. As you have to state an entry time.... Does anyone know what happens if your tour operator (Olympic in our case) changes your flight times. Just the time of our flight has changed twice since we booked. Thanks.
Hi I have been quoted an amazing deal with this Company. Sounds too good to be true. Has anyone ever used this Company? I know it is registered, but it is not ABTA.
Hi, I will be flying from South Korea to USA come August 2011. I am looking for an airline that allows you to bring 2 small pets (cats) as carry-on baggage. Most allow 1, but I have not seen any that specifically say they allow 2. Any help is appreciated. Thanks much.
Hi We are flying on Sunday with Air Asia to KL then on to London. Does anybody know if at Melbourne and LCCT whether you can take your stroller to the gate, or do they check it in with baggage at your initial check in? Any advice welcome as we're travelling with our 19 month old and flight are very late at night so hopefully she'll be asleep in the stroller (and I want to keep it that way!). TIA Dawn
Good Morning, i will fly to Tokyo in August with British Airways in code share with Japan Airlines. I would like to contact JAL in order to have the chance to reserve my seat on the plane before the online check in. Do anybody know an email adress where i can contact them? I found a UK phone number but it would be very expansive to call it from Italy. Many thanks Nik
Hello everyone, I am flying PHL-CUN next month in first class with US Airways, what type of seats does this have? SeatGuru / SeatExpert don't seem to know much...
Hi All, Me and my fiance are getting married next month in Thailand, and are travelling with Emirates via Dubai. I wish to take a small amount of my Fathers ashes with me, to scatter prior the the ceremony so a part of him is there with us on our special day, and was wondering if there are any restrictions, or specific protocol regarding this? I am more than happy to put a small amount of his ashes in a suitable spill proof container, and pack them in my hold luggage, so was wondering if it is necessary to inform the airline, and bring all of the documentation (death certificate etc) as it will only be a very small amount in a tiny box, packed in my suitcase. Any information greatly appreciated! :-)
Hello! I eat a Paleo diet, with no sugar, grains, legumes, eggs or dairy. Any idea which of the special meals that United offers would give me the fewest of these things? I know they don't have anything that matches exactly.
Dear All, Could somebody let me know what is a safe, reliable and reasonably cheap flight option from Buenos Aires to Rio de Janeiro? I am thinking about TAP Portugal or TAM Linhas Aereas. From what I have read so far on-line Aerolineas Argentinas should be best avoided for unpredictable and long delays. The punctuality is quite important for me as I need to catch another plane in Rio to go back to Europe. Thanks, Lidia
Hi does anyone know of any current parking promo codes at Leeds Bradford airport. Thanks Tony
Hi - I am looking at flying from Atlanta to Houston TX and then to Calgary Alberta Canada in June. The flight that I'm looking at says that there is a 1 hour in between flights in Houston. I'm not sure when I go through Customs/Immigrations so I'm not sure if this is enough time to get through and make my connecting flight. Does anyone have any idea when you would go through customs on this flight plan? Thank you Maureen
Hi I have booked to travel to peru in july.booked on american airlines but the second leg of the flight from JFK to Lima is with LAN airlines which i belive means i qualify fir the LAN pass. However, when i select all my flights, underneath them on the purchase page i have a small box which says selected flights are only valid for residents of Peru??? I am confused by this. Cheers
Hi, I am travelling from NCL to LHR next week for our connecting flight to JFK. I will have checked in online as this is what BA have advised but how long before the flight should I arrive at NCL airport, as Ive been told domestic flights 90 minutes, long haul flights 3 hours? Many Thanks, Emma
Hi all i recently booked a holiday to tenerife, the flight is from glasgow and the operator is ThomsonFly. my problem is that the ticket says Miss instead of Mr. i would like to know if i can still check in with no problems? if it makes any odds i am not the lead passenger. i phoned thomsonfly who say there shouldnt be a problem, but to clarify with onthebeach.com (whom i booked through) but they want to rob me of a £65 ammendment fee!! can anyone with any knowledge or experience please help. Thanks Grant
Hi I booked a flight with 20kg luggage. My question is I have payed for an upgrade to premium with option town. That states that if I do get the premium seat I get 40kg luggage allowance. So seeing I've already payed the 20kg can I have 60kg luggage?
Hi guys I have several United Club one-time passes left over from recent trips I have taken with them, and I was just curious as to whether I would be able to use them if I'm not flying with them. Example, im flying with Austrian next week out of Terminal 2 at Heathrow, would it be possible for me to use a pass to get into the United Club in T2 even though im not travelling United? Thanks :)
Hi there Can anyone tell me if BA serve Bacardi and diet coke onboard their domestic flights from Gatwick to Edinburgh? Thank you
Hi I am travelling from London, UK to Australia in December but my Portuguese passport expires in April 2016 which means it will have 4 months left before it expires. I know that I can get into Australia as the passport just needs to be valid for the duration of my stay (2 weeks) but I am concerned that when I leave London I will have a problem as well as when I return to London. Does anyone know if that will be the case please? Thanks ------
Hi I am travelling from Birmingham to Dubai, and then on to Singapore 3 hours later. I don't know what the procedure is once I've landed in Dubai (T3) Can anyone give me a idea of what I do please? I'm feeling really anxious about getting my connecting flight. Thank you
Hi, we're taking a 7.55 am flight to Geneva soon. Just wondering if we need to eat breakfast before we board. Anyone know?
Hi, flying to Goa next week and trying to find out what films will be showing as the online guide is still showing September/October. Many thanks
Hi, I am travelling from cochin to Kuwait on this weekend, i went last nov with 30kg baggage for economy, now some ppl r saying its 20kg baggage, i see its mentioned 20kg in their site, but it was the same on their site when i travelled in Nov with 30kg. Can someone pls clarify asap Thank you
Hey Jus a quick quetion im flying to dominican, does every seat have its own tv with remote so you can choose what u want to watch and when u want to watch it ? Thanks
Hi there, I made bookings with Norwegian air and chose the LowFare option, with no extras. Just the basic cost. I then realised the dates clashed with work plans, is there a way for me to cancel my tickets and get a refund?
Hi I'm flying economy with Virgin Atlantic from Gatwick to Orlando,Florida. 2 Adults, 3 Children. Can any one tell me whether we have to purchase the headsets or whether they are free? Thanks!
Hi there. As we all know, regularly airlines have offers of companionfares from/to certain destinations, such as book 2 and pay 1 or book 2 and one gets 50 pct discount....etc. Does anybody know of a good website that lists these companionfares and such? I've never seen a bookingengine come up with these fares, as these searchengines are not programmed to list them in a query. Maybe someone has other resources to search for these offers? Thanks very much for your replies Wiki
Hi everyone, I booked a separate seat for my infant (15-month-old), and I'm confused about the baggage allowance. If I have booked a seat for my infant, will I get another 20kg baggage allowance, or is that per adult, not per seat? Thank you.
Hi, Has anyone flown Emirates recently? I've booked a flight to the UK next year and have seen some complaints about the removal of foot rests in Emirates planes and uncomfortable seating on long haul flights. I'd like to hear the experience of anyone who has flown with Emirates recently, thanks Sue
Hi guys will be travelling with my 9months old baby,flying from Armstadam to Entebbe uganda ,its a 1O hrs flight and its during the day .So are there any tips ?i really need them.waiting to hear from you.
Hi there I booked a holiday through Thomascook.com for my wife and I to fly to Kenya in October. This was scheduled to be flying with Monarch Airlines. When I received my confirmation - I noticed I was charged £20.00 per person for an extra 5kg of baggage - taking my total UP TO 20kg!!! Is that all????? Having looked at the Monarch Airlines website - all passengers flying to Mombasa are allowed a baggage allowance of 35kg PER PASSENGER. If you booked Premium Class this went up to 45kg PER PASSENGER!! I've been in touch with them and they refuse to budge! I've since cancelled my holiday with them and booked through Cosmos and got exactly the deal I was after..... 3 weeks in Kenya to look forward to, and 45kg of luggage each. This will enable us to take extra clothing to distribute among the local population as we did in 2005. Dave Hill
Hi all. I'm trying to plan a trip to Exuma. The only problem is my husband will go wherever I book, his only request/demands are it has to be a non stop flight and he requires business class . We live on Long Island and I'm having a hard time finding a non stop flight. My travel dates are flexible so no worries there. I'm even willing to drive to a different airport other than jfk if necessary (within reason). Can anybody please help me or point me in the right direction? Thanks in advance for any suggestions :)
Hi! This fall, we're flying on Air France from Los Angeles to Barcelona (connecting at CDG) then returning a few weeks later out of Venice to Los Angeles (connecting at CDG). While I understand that most flights within Europe do not allow you to pre-select your seats, we're confused as to why the AF site will not let us select seats for the longer, international LAX to CDG segment of our travels. We were able to select seats for the international portion of our return trip but not the outbound. Can anyone help me figure this out, please? It is our honeymoon and we've purchased Premium Economy tickets. We're really hoping to sit together...and not in the middle of the 4-seat row. Thank you for your advice!
Hi, does anyone know if Ryanair are putting on flights for summer 2013 from Cork to Lanzarote??? They seem to have the flights to Tenerife, Fuerteventura etc. on sale already but none to Lanzarote from Cork. Thanks :)
Hey all Just saw flights from SFO-JFK with Delta for $168 USD no luggage for 22 July. Main Cabin. Is this a good price? I've only just started watching the internal flights and the next cheapest is $100 more. I'm only asking as wondering should I wait till after Christmas. I haven't been monitoring the flights and will jump on it if it's good. Thanks very much.
"Hi, Bit of a long shot... We booked back in March to go to for a family holiday Florida over the summer and we got very bad news yesterday. My mother in law has been diagnosed with stage 3b terminal lung cancer with life expectancy of 3-6mths and told no longer able to fly. We booked on Virgin via Expedia and neither company will even consider exchanging let alone refund for the single ticket. Both insist they would refund but are blaming each other's ""rules"" none of which deal with their customers as human beings. We have written to both Expedia & Virgin's customer relations as well as their CEOs, tweeted their Twitter accounts, our travel insurance only covers her if she passes away. Any other suggestions? All advice welcome."
hi all I need to get a flight to Madrid from one of the DC airports (DCA, IAD, BWI), and I would like to go on a United partner. But the last United flight to Europe I was on a 3x3 plane with a few overhead TVs and really awful... everything. Any advice?
Hey Guys, Just after opinions on what Cathay Pacific are like, i'm thinking of flying with them later this year from Australia to the UK and just after some general feedback on the airline. Thanks in advance!!
Hi What is the difference in these planes? Is one better than the other. Which one can travel the farthest? Boeing 787 dreamliner and Boeing 777 and Airbus 380 and the Airbus 350 Thanks
Hi! Trying to see if anyone has flown on Lufthansa's A380 in premium economy cabin? Care to post your experience. Looking at flying SFO-DEL rt in summer on this. Relatively new service so hard to find any reviews. Infact, the Frankfurt-DEL A380 will start in April.Thanks in advance.
Hi :) Just wanting to find out, I am booked on flight QF25 melb to lax, it says there is a stopover in Auckland. This is my first time overseas so have no idea about this stuff! Does this mean that we get off the plane and change planes? Or is it just a quick stop and then leaving again? Thanks :)
Hi, I have previously been to Berlin (flew with Ryanair from London Stansted-SXF), but this time we are flying from heathrow to Tegel with Germanwings. With Ryanair, you are allowed 10kgs hand luggage + one small item (handbag/laptop etc) Does anyone know if Germanwings (from heathrow) allow this too? I checked the website and it mentioned only 1 piece of hand luggage with max weight of 8kg. However, when I called the helpline, the gentleman who seemed albeit a little confused by my accent, suggested that a lady is allowed a handbag too. He didn't sound very confident with this though... Has anyone flown this route before and had experience of taking two pieces through? Thanks in advance, -----
"Hi all, I'm a US citizen going from Newark to Santiago, Chile. I have a 14 hour overnight layover in Panama City airport and since I'm young and travel-hardy (and poor), I've just decided to suck it up and stay in the international terminal reading and getting some work done. My only concern is that I've seen some posts here and elsewhere that say for layovers lasting more than 12 hours I might need to ""check in"" with Panama somehow (go through some kind of customs/immigration?). Is that true, or can I just get off my plane, hang out for all that time in the terminal, and get on my next flight in the morning? Will anybody actually check up on how long I've been in the airport if I never try to enter the country? I will be checking a bag all the way to Santiago (aka, not picking up in Panama...). Thanks! Edited: 9:48 pm, July 19, 2013"
Hi all. I am travelling from Dublin to Seattle via San Francisco. I will clear us immigration at Dublin and then have a 6 hour wait at San Francisco. If I was to leave the airport would I have to clear immigration again? I am travelling with a young child so wouldn't want to make them go through immigration again (took almost 2 hours last time). Thanks in advance
Hi, In all my past travels I've always been on a single carrier from A to C via B, so for online checkin it's just been a case of checking in once for all sectors. This weekend I'm flying SYD to BKK (TG) to VIE (OS) to FRA (LH). It's all on the one reference number with OS flight numbers and LX (!!!) issued eTickets, so I'm not sure which site to do the Online Checkin, hopefully with the chance to choose my seats (particularly for the OS leg). Do I just check in on the OS site for all legs, or will I have to check in individually for each flight? Thanks ----
Hi, hope one of the Thomson experts out there help on this, if you book Premium club on a flight only, does that entitle you to choose seats together and do OLCI at 90 days out? It doesn't clarify this on the website (as far as I can see) ---
Hi there, I'm needing to change the date of birth on an AirAsia flight by spouse out the wrong year down for my birth date. I can't seem to find any information on it anywhere. Thanks -----
Hi, So..... Aer Lingus flights keep increasing in price since I checked at the start of July, Flights were €750 now €1133 for 2 from Dublin to Tenerife, anyone have any inside info lol or experience of them reducing back down in price closer to date??? Have had to leave booking late as my boyfriend is due for an operation and we were awaiting a date. Thanks
Hello, I'm going on holiday in may with thomas cook leaving from manchester airport and am wondering if I'll be charged extra because my bag weighs 6.5kg which is 500g over the limit. If so, how much? because I can't afford to pack any of it in my hold luggage because it's mainly electronics valued at >£500 Thanks
Hi off to the usa in a few days can i put my aersol tins eg deodrant and hairspray in my suitcase or is that banned now.thanks
Hi Just booked a flight with Ryanair and cannot find an option to add Advanced Passenger Information anywhere, even in Manage my Booking. I usually travel with Easyjet so am used to filling in the information on their website. Where can I fill it in if travelling with Ryanair? I have heard that you now add all the details when checking in online instead of having a separate page to fill in whenever you like. However, I thought that API was required at least 48 hours before the flight time, yet Ryanair allow you to check in up to 4 hours before the flight leaves, so how does this work? Is there a well-hidden API option somewhere that I have missed? Many thanks in advance
Hi! We are planning a trip to the US and will be flying sydney to la with virgin. We have enough points to get myself, my partner and 3 year old return in business but I'm worried it might not be a good option when flying with a child. Would anyone choose to fly cattle class if flying with a child over business???
"Hi I am planing to fly from Dublin to London on 26 Sep arriving at Terminal 2,i then have to connect in Terminal 2 for my connecting flight to Vancouver with a 1 hour """"between flight"""" time frame ,,i am flying with Air Canada partly operated by Air Lingus..ive never traveled this way before,so will i have enough time to connect ?? I will be buying the ticket online via a third party to travel with Air Canada..it states Air Canada ac9054 for the first part of the journey into Heathrow and Air Canada ac855 for the forwarding journey onto Vancouver,therefore do i have enough time to connect ? when i board at Dublin i will ask to forward my luggage all the way through.. Thank you"
Hi how much does wi fi cost on emirates perth to london
Hi All I am just printing my Easyjet boarding passes out and was rather annoyed by the big colourful advert for National Express on each one! Anyway I have printed in black and white rather than waste a huge quantity of coloured ink on those ads. They still look good quality but for peace of mind I thought I 'd check in case anyone had been given grief from any airlines for not printing in full colour. By the looks have things I have still used half a gallon of ink on those poxy adverts! They should make these things as economical as possible to print out.
Hi Folks I'm currently looking at flights to New Zealand via Tokyo where I intend to do stop-overs on the way there and back. Current best option by far is Austrian Airlines to Tokyo via Vienna. However the flight only has a transfer time of 45 mins at Vienna airport which leaves very little room - having never been to Vienna airport or flown with Austrian Airlines I don't know whether this is likely to be an issue? There is an alternative earlier flight to Vienna but unfortunately it's at 6am which means no sleep, an expensive transfer to the airport and a 4 hour wait at Vienna which significantly lengthens the flight. So no a very attractive alternative all round! Any thoughts appreciated.
Hi, I am catching an Air New Zealand flight to LAX arriving in terminal 2 and have a connection time of 2 hours. The flight I am catching is in terminal 7. I was wondering if I miss this flight will United Airlines get me on the next flight?
Hi to all, any recommendation for a good company that operate this route: CMN -IST?
Hi Wondering if anyone has travelled on the Dreamliner from Melbourne to Los Angeles with UA? Their prices are super competitive against Qantas and I'd prefer to avoid stops in Sydney so avoiding VA. Any advice appreciated.
Hi all - On our last LAX to LHR trip we were lucky enough to fly VS Upper Class and therefor were able to utilize the Air New Zealand lounge at LAX. We really enjoyed it and it was a great way to feel like the vacation has begun even before take off. Anyway, we will be flying VS again for our next trip but in PE this time. I was wondering if it is still possible to gain access to the lounge? Thanks so much, in advance, for your tips and suggestions!
Hi, I'm booked on Iberia 7471 Heathrow to Barcelona. The ticket says its operated by BA (BA472) but leaves from Terminal 3. I thought BA only use T5. Should I go to T3 or T5? --------------- Heathrow (LHR) - Barcelona (BCN) COMMERCIAL DUPLICATE - OPERATED BY BRITISH AIRWAYS Heathrow (LHR) - Barcelona (BCN) OPERATIONAL LEG BA 0472 Heathrow (LHR) DEPARTS TERMINAL 3 Barcelona (BCN) ARRIVES TERMINAL 1
Hi I am flying air Asia from Perth to Goa and have an 8hr stopover at kl can someone tell me the name of the hotel that you don't have to exit immigration to use. Thank you
Hi I could do with a bit of guidance please, iv just got back off holiday (3 day break to Lanzarote). I tried to complain several times before my travel and even trying to rearrange flights etc and there was no help anywhere so I bascically had to put up and shut up. My issue was I saved money up for a while to be able to treat my mum to a little break away (personal reasons). I booked through low cost holidays iv had holidays through them before with no issues but this time when booking I specifically chose the return flight with Thomas cook and paid a considerable amount more to return with them as theirs was a later flight. After a couple of months I had another email confirmation through as Thomas cook had rescheduled their flight which was 7 hours earlier than the original time and also earlier than other flights I could of chose and paid less for! this resulted in us losing near enough a day off our holiday and also losing out on the extra money I spend choosing to fly with them. Ive tried to complain to low cost holidays but they say its not down to them so my complaint should be to Thomas cook but then when I try to complain to Thomas cook its void as I didn't book with them directly so I basically cant complain to them. Is their a higher body in which I could complain to as this seems to just be a vicious circle and I'm not getting anywhere?
Hi, I am traveling from LAX to Italy by Frankfurt going 1st class with Lufthansa, was wondering if anyone has any good or bad things to say about them, thanks for your comments
Hi everyone, I'm sure this has already been asked but I did a search and couldn't find what I thought I was looking for (and it may have been American which won't help me). I'm wondering if anyone knows of any sites that are handy for either monitoring to get advance notice of air fare sales or that will send email alerts? I realise that the days of cheap international air fares are probably over (especially from Australia) but I'm also getting a little desperate for a holiday. My travel dates are flexible but I can't find any sites that will let me ask for air fares over a date range (except Air NZ that will show prices across a week). Any thoughts or am a being a bit hopeful?
Hi, I just noticed that on my mom's ticket is says Ms and not Mrs. Should I consider this as a misspelled name and ask them to change this? On her passport, there is only her name and not her marital status.
Hey all, I have a flight coming up on Wednesday and did not pay close attention to my transfer flight. I am flying from Des Moines, IA to Atlanta, GA to Los Angeles, CA. Unfortunately I see that my layover in Atlanta is 50min (which also includes the time to actually get off the plane). Is this enough time to get between two Delta flights, or should I expect to have to change it somewhere along my journey? Thanks!
Hi. Two weeks ago we had an email from Silkair telling us they were moving our return flight from Langkawi to Singapore back a day from 26th February 2015 to the 27th February 2015. This was a disaster for me because on the 26th I am meeting up with my sister who lives in Sydney, before she flies back on the 27th. I haven't seen her since 2008. I informed Silkair of the problem and they asked if I wanted a refund. I immediately said yes and then rebooked with Air Asia to land in Singapore on the 27th. But then Silkair said they could re-route me via KL on the 27th, so I told them I had already booked the other tickets and asked for a refund. They then sent an email asking if I wanted to cancel the flights, so I said yes, and outlined the problem again. For the last few days I've heard nothing. Do you think I'll get my money back? It was their decision to change the dates of the flights.
Hello, will be flying next month YVR - BKK via EVA Air, and we have the (older) 747-400 aircraft with the upper deck. we have seats in said upper deck.. Does anyone know if they happen to be equipped with USB ports for charging electronics? Thanks!
Hi, I recently had to scan my passport and there must have been red ink on the scanner and there are about ten tiny dots of red ink on my face on the observation page. So not the main photo page but the observation page opposite. Apparently this is minor damage but wanted to get a few opinions. Apart from that the passport is perfect
Hi! I'm travelling to Japan with AirAsia transiting via KUL. The return flight will arrive KUL 16,45 o'clock and I have to catch the flight from KUL to BKK at 18,45 o'clock. So the transit time will be 2 hours. I wonder if it's enough to do so. Please give me the advice.
hi, i will be travelling on the b773(Not ER)(as per my ticket) in first class to dubai soon. The emirates website says the 773 fleet are on the process of being upgraded. I would like to know if the upgraded ones would be any different than the old style which i found on other reviews which looks more like a business class seat along with a minibar. (I do hope that my flight is a refurbished one since the old style is no different from a business class offered by other ek aircraft)
"Hi everyone. I just booked a flight with Wizzair, and mistakenly left ""Mr."" instead of ""Mrs."" as the ""Title"" of my girlfriend. Do you think this is something to be corrected at all costs, or i can leave it as is? Thanks."
Hi, I have booked a flight to JFK from Manchester with Lufthansa. The flight will go from Manchester to Frankfurt and then connect on to another flight to JFK. Is the transfer process an easy one at Frankfurt? Thanks
Hi, I land at JFK T4 at 12:15 from the UK on the 13 August and have then to catch a flight (separate booking) from T8 to Toronto at 15:08. No baggage claim. Will this be enough time?
Hi I need to buy a one way flight from laguardia to Sarasota (direct only) price for a Sunday in May 15 is $142.00 is this a fair price. I know all about charges for baggage changes in policy (fees) next year so that does not need to be addressed on this question.Thanks Edited: 5:25 am, November 30, 2014
Hi Just flew United Airlines. Boise to Bangkok cost $921 per person round trip. all flight's on time no baggage lost. I got upgraded to economy plus on 3 out of 4 international flight legs for no charge. meals were OK .service staff were pleasant. watched 8 movies i hadn't seen before. for me a typical boreing uneventful experience LOL but that is what I expect when I fly. I researched and made sure I flew on 777's not the old 747. the 777's have seat back screens. I am happy I got just what I payed for. so no complaints from me just satisfaction.
HI this has gotten to be a little pet peave of mine TSA and Customs are two seperate entities. when you enter USA . you go thru immigration to see if they will allow you entry. then you go thru customs where they look for contrabane. You do not go thru TSA. You only encounter TSA if you have an ownward domestic flight. when you leave USA or have a domestic flight then you go thru TSA security. Customs does not have access to the TSA keys to unlock bags. now I feel better that I got this off my chest. LOL
Hi All, I am new to international flight travel. I am flying from lexington (Kentucky) to India. I have a layover of 50 mins at Atlanta, where I get on to Air France. While coming to US I had some immigration procedure and I missed the flight. While returning do I have to go through any procedure of that kinds? Thanks in advance.
Hello , me and my friend oredered a ticked from e dreams yesterday. after i oredered the tickets i saw all the bad reviews here ( Too late :( ) y now in the begining we both got a mail said that there is a problem with the credit, after half an hour i got another mail that my payment is confirmed but my friend still waiting for the mail. now the flight is only next month, there is something i could do to make sure everything will be ok with the tickets?? thank you very much for reading
Hello, Traveling for first time with our 7 month old daughter this weekend. Going to Aruba for a week. Bought her a ticket on a Continental flight. Website says stroller dimensions must not exeed 62 inches folded...ours of course is about 10 inches over I think. Says they will charge $100. Does anyone know if this is really enforced? I just can't believe I will have to pay an extra $100 ON TOP of a ticket price for an infant! Any experiences or advice...PLEASE. Thanks Nicole
Hey, I posted a while ago about flights going to orlando in September with aerlingus from Dublin, there was a bug with website but it's fixed now :) The flight dates I want have just came out today (3rd to 17th sep) on the site but I don't know if it's best to book immediately or wait (working about €800 return). I have been watching the prices around those dates and I think the prices have suddenly went up (about €80) from the other day. Not sure if I should book now (to avoid further hikes) or wait for a sale? Thanks for any advice :)
Hi looking for advise applying for my esta visa not sure whether to tick yes to transit flight or no - our plans are flying into jfk staying in New York 3 nights . Then we fly to San Franscisco for 3 nights then back to jfk where we fly to Jamaica for a week then back to jfk where we fly straight out again to home (the uk ) .
Hi, can any one tell me if seats 11 A and B or 12 A and B are over the wing please I'm about to choose my seats on the dreamliner going to cancun. thank you in advance.
Hi We are looking at this airline company as it is the cheapest for the trip we want Birmingham to Malaga. We are taking the grandchildren so it needs to be reliable. Many Thanks
Hi, I've found great deals on a site called lessno.com. actually I was transferred there when I used the searchengine sprice.com. But I wanna know if anyone has booked flights with lessno.com, just to verify I can trust them. thanks!
"Hi, Delta website advises these are ""on-demand and credit card payment is needed"", does anyone know how much it is on the Boeing 777 Syd-LAX flights? thanks!"
hi there, we are flying to Auckland via Dubai, someone told me that airport security is very strict on medicine like painkillers etc. in hold luggage or hand luggage, Any ideas on this ?
Hi All, I am traveling from Portland (PDX) to Chennai (India). My Tickets are booked as a single itinerary as below. Itinerary is as follows. 1. PDX to Chicago 2. Chicago to Doha 3. Doha to Chennai My first flight detail is in the following flight QR 5161 (Operated by american airlines) - Portland to Chicago My ticket says that 2 baggage are allowed in the above flight. But since the starting flight is operated by american airlines, can someone confirm whether i will face any issue? I am asking this question since PDX to Chicago is operated by American Airlines.
hi do they serve free drinks on trans atlantic flights still beer and soft drinks
Hi Guys, We are heading to Hawaii with Hawaiian Airlines and my in-laws may be joining us. My father in law is quite a large man and is concerned about 'fitting' in the seats. I've looked up seat guru and found the width but just wondering if anyone has flown on their A330's can give their opinion on if the seats are a comfy width for a bigger person?? Thanks in advance!
Hello, I want to know the best websites to offer a cheap flight from Canada to U.S and within U.S Thanks
Hi, A friend and I are going next week to Phillipines but we can not reserve the seat with KLM or China Southern on their websites. We can not check details about the flight Beijing-Amsterdam. What should we do? we are leaving in a week
Hi we are flying with Thomson could I take a packed lunch in my hand luggage
Hi all I'm travelling from bournemouth to malta with only hand baggage. I will be printing my boarding passes off. Do I still need to go to check in or can I go straight to security? Many thanks
hi all when do flights come on sale from man to thailand thankyou
Hi, I'm torn what to do at the moment basing prices on now it's a lot cheaper to go indirect London-Las Vegas -Orlando -London with delta than virgin owever there can be some very impressive sale fares to Orlando when there sale is on. Does anyone know from previous experience if they do include multi trip fares in there sales? Many thanks in advance
Hi all, I booked a so-called 'Around the world' ticket with Travel-Nation, a UK based travel agency. They deal in multi-stop itineraries, on which special rules seem to apply. When they asked us for our passenger information we provided them with the correct information regarding first and last names. However, when they sent our itinerary, my first name was misspelled. I usually write my name as 'Luuk', while my passport says 'Lucas'. I remember signing emails with Luuk, yet I also know that I gave the correct passport names when asked. When I was at Heathrow airport I first encountered that the name on my ticket didnt match my passport. At that point it wasn't to big a deal, but I got to fly anyway. I tried to change my name at the AIR New Zealand service desk, but they couldnt do it and said that the travel agent had to do it. I'm currently in Australia after stopping over in Hong Kong. I could make all flights with the wrong name, even if that sometimes led to skewed faces. I've contacted the travel agent (Travel Nation) and asked them if they could change my name, since I provided them with the correct names. They told me it couldnt be done, since I already started travelling. Instead the added a note, stating that my first name was misspelled. In the accompanying email (in which my first name was misspelled again as Luuc!!!!!) they stated that 'this is not a guarantee for the USA'. So now I'm getting a bit freaked. I'm sure that I will be able to fly to all my other destinations, but If I cant fly to the US, that would be awfull. Is there nothing that can be done?
Hi, I am travelling to BKK in a few weeks time with China Airlines, via Amsterdam. Can I buy a bottle of whisky in Schipol and carry it with my hand luggage? I am totally confused with the regulations at this stage! Thanks in advance! Joe
Hi would anyone know please if there is ever a flight sale with airtransat, I wish to travel from Manchester to Vancouver and back to Manchester from Calgary, in Aug 2015 the prices at the moment are quite high compared to if I wanted to travel at the same time this year Many thanks Ann
Hello, I'm headed for Japan soon and I have a Ultron Real Power 15.600MaH powerbank 3.7/5V which rates it lower than 100WH as far as I know. I figure it should be in the luggage you carry inside the plane but is it even allowed? Edited: 8:08 am, April 27, 2016
Hi all. Is a 1hr 5min connection possible on a single ticket in Hong Kong? Thanks in advance Regards Edited: 4:18 pm, June 03, 2016
Hi all, I keep seeing lots of cabin bags 50x40x22cm this is over the Ryanair dimensions by 2cms. Will this fit into the cagey thing? I can't find any hard case that's smaller! I am definitely wanting a hard case.
Hello, Am flying on a US flight today and with my Aeroplan altitude status don't pay the checked luggage fees of the $25 , but for a flight I booked with Aeroplan in the Online Check In it comes up as wanting the fee , is this normal ? Thanks
Hi Im flying out on gulf air soon from lhr-bah-bkk for the first time ive read and heard good and bad things about gulf has any1 travelled on this airline id like 2 hear of your experiences either good or bad thanks shane
Hi can anyone advise me on the best/cheapest option when wanting to purchase tickets for a flight from memphis to vegas next september. We are staying in memphis for 3 nights & then moving on to vegas but BA who we are flying arent partners with other airlines that fly these routes & is very expensive doing the multi city way. Thank you for looking & appreciate any help.
Hi all, Has anyone flown with us airways from Glasgow via Philly lately. I would like to know if they used the planes that have the overhead tv screens on your own individual back seat tv. I know it is a 757 but according to seat guru their are 4 versions of this plane in the US airways fleet. Thanks
Dear Community I am travelling from UK to Chicago for a holiday and trying to plan a trip to Raleigh from Chicago. I know how to get good prices within Europe (through price comparison sites...etc) but not sure how to find the best air fare in US regional flights. Travelling with a chilld. Appreciate any guide on this from US experts. Thanks
Hi Travelling by myself to Santiago from Sydney with Qantas. I have a choice of seat 5B by itself downstairs or row 14 upstairs on the exit. Any particular favourites and has anyone flown the row 5 seats? All the reviews say they are both pretty good. Thinking of upper of the way over and 5B coming back
Hi We are flying from the north terminal and are undecided as to wether to stay at the sofitel and have the luxury of being able to walk into the airport, or at the best western. Accoring to the web site Sofitel move your car to a secure car park, Does anybody have any experience of this, as we are nervous about people moving our car
Hi could someone please advice me on what company to use for multi city flights Itinery below 6th Sept (outbound) 2 adults econemy class Any London Airport - San Francisco 20th Sept (inbound) 2 adults econemy class Vegas - Any London Airport We are trying to get a good deal so we have more money to play with for hotels any advice would be much appriciated fran
Hi all! I am just curious as to what time I should arrive at the airport! This will be the first time I am traveling out of the country. My flight is 9:15am on a Saturday in March from MSP to Zihuatanejo, MX nonstop via Delta airlines! Thanks!
Hello everyone I have an upcoming flight that is from LAS - PHX - ORD - MAN. The PHX-ORD-MAN segment is with American Airlines but the initial LAS-PHX is on US Airways. I'm just wondering what will happen to our baggage. It's all on the same ticket so I'm presuming its tagged all the way through to MAN? We have just a 45 min connection time between landing in PHX and getting the AA flight to ORD, and so we're not sure if we have to collect our baggage from the carousel and drop it somewhere or if it will be transferred for us so we don't have to worry about it after checking in at LAS, Anyone with experience/knowledge of this can help ease our minds? Thanks!
Hello All! I am trying to find an affordable holiday to take over Christmas/New Years break as I am going to be on forced annual leave due to business closure. I have found the following advertisements for the US but I am unsure if the business 'Main Front Travel' is legitimate or not - http://mainfronttravel.com.au/tours/page/2/ gumtree.com.au/s-ad/…1064820598 …locanto.com.au/ID_365854211/Return-Flights-… https:/…timeline Has anyone on here ever booked anything through this travel agent before? Please share your experience as I am having trouble finding anything on them and I am already down $100 from trying to book flights that got cancelled on me and the exchange rate changed by the time they refunded me :( Thanks :)
Hi, I have travelled twice with Cathay Pacific, Sydney to Rome to Catania in the last 2 years and every time I get my bags back I have a white cable tie on the zip with 'HK' on it. This time around when I picked my bag from lost and found at Catania, I also had a dogana tag on it. My bag was supposed to be checked through to the Catania,and it was always going to go through the secure dogana area where it would be scanned, but the bag went missing in Rome so I was not with the bag when it was scanned. My question is did customs open my bag at both airports? Everything in the bag was a mess this time round, but I'm not sure if this was because of the way it was handled. Some loose tea boxes opened, though package within undamaged.
Hi I have booked a holiday to Majorca through TR flying with monarch from London Gatwick on 22nd June 14 and I have noticed I haven't had any info on API however I rang TR and they said it does not need to be done until check in but the lady said she would input the details for me and my friend. I then rang monarch the next day to confirm this had been done even though they said it wasn't compulsory. When the lady at monarch checked details a few things were put through wrong like passport number etc so she amended it. However if It was to be wrong and we got to gatwick to check in would they stop us flying as its been submitted or would they just amend it at check in for us to the correct details?
Hi just been looking on the va website to book seats ive theres 2 icons what im bot sure on its a icon what has 2 z'a ao im assuming its something to do with sleeping ? But not sure . Just wondering what they are for selecting seats
Hi all - I'm kind of new to air travel and I would appreciate anyone's advice. I am flying into Dulles from Heathrow with a 1.5hr layover to connect to NYC. I'm worried that may not be enough time but I'm a US citizen and I'm not checking any luggage so I'm hoping that will speed up the process. Thoughts?
Hi We are flying with our baby on Ryanair. You can take a buggy to the plane stairs. However we have a buggy that the carseat attaches to. Can we take this as one item to the plane stairs or would they make us take it apart and check in the car seat? Thanks
Hi, I am travelling from Newark with BA in CW class. I'm wondering if they have champagne in this lounge at Newark Airport as I've read two reviews, albeit more than a year old, that says no champagne was on offer.
"HI! Has anyone recently flown on the Airbus A380? I've booked the last row for flights to Sydney as we did this a couple of years ago and it was fine. However, having just looked at ""Seat Expert"" it indicates that seats 88A and 88K (window) are bad seats but no explanation why. ""Seat Guru"" makes no mention of these seats being ""bad."" Which seats would anyone recommend on this long flight? Thank you."
Hi I am flying to USA and I have 2 passports. To leave my country I must leave with the country's passport but to enter USA I want to enter with my European passport as no visa is required. On one passport the name is ----------------. European passport name is ----------. On the ticket it is written ----------------. Will I have problems entering USA? Thanks
Hi My son has just booked a package to South Africa for the World Cup, he is flying Air France from Manchester to CDG. CDG to South Africa International, He informs me he only has 1 hour between flights, as I more or less walked the whole of CDG in August last year. I'm a little concerned about such short a time, although he says he is arriving and departing from the same terminal 2E .. is this possible? Cheers Jess
Hey, Is 1 hr. enough for transit at Frankfurt Airport. My Trip is booked on the same ticket for MRU-ARN {Mauritius to Frankfurt (Lufthansa Cityline) & Frankfurt to Stockholm Arlanda (SAS) }
HI, I am planing to go Bangladesh,in my home and in the meanwhile i am hoping to Malaysia to visit to my friend. so can I book round way ticket from Melbourne to Kuala lampur and another round way ticket from Kuala lampur to Dhaka?
Hi, we want to check in online in Australia before leaving for the US ... are there facilities at LAX airport to do the boarding pass print-out and bag drop or do we need to go to a counter? The website doesn't list which airports do or don't have self check-in that I can find. Thanks.
Hello I wonder if you can help me please... I fly from Birmingham to Amsterdam on the 20th of February and my name is spelt ------ instead of ------ I have been told that a note has been attached to my account. Have been told to not check in online and report to the KLM desk. I booked through tripsta and been told they can not correct the mistake. Will this be a problem at the airport?
Hi everyone, does anyone know if you can track mod flights? My brother in law is off to the falklands tonight from Brize Norton. Thanks
Hi, I'm flying from Germany to Indonesia this month, and will have 12 hours transit in Dubai so I decided to buy stopover visa and do a little shopping outside the airport. My question is, what if I buy something like perfume or anything that I can't carry on my cabin baggage? The brand that I want doesn't have shop in duty free airport. Can I give additional baggage in Dubai or you have any suggestion. Thank you!
Hi all - looking at booking a trip to Florida and East Coast for 2 adults and 2 teenagers. Have only flown with Virgin in the past (but that was 15 years ago!!) so not sure which one would be best for most legroom (can't afford business class), service etc. Many thanks all xx
Hi, we have booked our Virgin tickets from Brisbane to LAX and return and wanted to know if overbooking seats has affected travellers out there. We booked online and chose our seats specifically because i have had two operations on my knees and need to have a seat where i can get out of the seat easily and excercise my legs, so we have booked a b and c seat the c seat on the aisle. I would hate to think we went to all the expense and then being asked to surrender our seats as we have booked 8 months in advance. Also Virgin do not have a web check-in on international flights only domestic. Has anyone had this problem as i am now a bit worried.
Hi, Has anyone used Delta Skymiles to book car rental before? I just used my miles to book a car from National Car Rental for 7 days, and they give me some sort of confirmation number. But when I try to look it up on National web site, that number does not work. When I called Delta Skymiles, of course they are no help and just tell me to call the car rental company. I am going to try to call National and see what is going on in case the reservation never goes through. But just want to check with the group and see if anyone has any experience with it. Thanks.
hi,flew into phuket from heathrow in october 2010 with malaysia airlines for £576 pp. looking for the same route this year and prices coming in at £700 plus which is a big leap ...........so was last year a really good deal or have prices gone up that much???
Hi there, Planning a long haul flight from Jakarta to Oslo and I am wondering which airlines would be best? There is $400 difference between Emirates and Turkish, Emirates being the more expensive. Pros of Emirates: Chauffeur driven Massive airport Cons: More expensive 777-300ER which means 2-3-2 seatings, angled bed and no bar Let me know what you think. Thanks
Hello guys, can a box of chocolates (like celebrations) can be brought in hand luggage? thanks a lot!
Hi Can someon suggest the best window seat (front seat with more leg space are not available) on economy flight Qatar airways Airbus. A320. And A330 I don't want to get Obstruction from the wings of aircraft Thank you
Hey all, I'm travelling on QF1 to London via Dubai later in the year. Just hoping someone can give me some recent insight on what the in flight menu options are and whether access to the self-service snack bar is readily available. I've managed to score economy seat 36K, but I've read a couple of other places that the staircase leading down to the snack-bar is 'roped' off - just want to know if I'll need to plan ahead to bring my own snacks on-board or if I should try for a seat change if I'm going to have issues. Thanks!!
Hi all Has anyone flown to cuba using thomas cook premier service and seats will be flying from Manchester on the 21st june
Hello! Long story short, I just had my flight rescheduled and I'm worried about having enough time. I am flying from: Dallas to Chicago arriving at 1:10PM on American Chicago to Dublin leaving at 3:50PM on Aer Lingus Do you think we'll have enough time?
Hi I am flying with Cathay Pacific from London - Hong Kong - Denpasar. I want to check in on line to get a good seat. But I was thinking as my flight stops in Hong Kong and I get off and get on another plane. Do I collect my luggage at the terminal or is it automatically transfered to the next plane? the last thing I want is to have no clothes on my holiday :-(
Hi everyone, I'm from Philadelphia and I need to know if there are any flights out of PHL that connect in Buffalo (destination city does not matter). Coming home from Buffalo, I can do BUF-PHL-Harrisburg for very cheap and hop off in PHL. But getting to Buffalo, especially nonstop, is expensive. So I was hoping there was a flight route where Buffalo was the connecting city between Philly and somewhere else. I've done some research but no luck yet, so any help would be greatly appreciated :)
Hi I haven't flown into our out of LAX for over 15 years. I will be arriving from Tokyo to LAX intl terminal on 10-16 and will need to catch a connecting NWA flight out of Terminal 2 that same afternoon. I arrive at 1:00 and the options for the flight to Minneapolis from Term. 2 are 3:30 p.m. and 5:30 p.m. I am wondering if I will have enough time to get thru customs, get my bags, and shuttle over to the other terminal in time for the 3:30 flight (assuming the Singapore Airlines flight from Tokyo arrives on time at 1:00). Any advice is appreciated. Thanks.
Hi everyone, I'm booked for the dreamliner to go to Mexico in December. Iv heard of mixed reviews about premium upgrade do you think it is worth it? It's going to cost £500ish each to upgrade so it a lot of money. Any comments will be greatly received.
Hello, just a quick question about the a380, I have first class seats booked and we are travelling on the a380. I have looked at the seat plans and have noticed they have a bar/lounge area at the back of the upstairs behind business class. Is this a lounge for business class passengers only or can we use it aswell? Carol.
Hi All, Looking for recommendations on a reliable, reasonably priced luggage forwarding service for domestic flights here in the U.S. If anyone has personal experience with a company, positive or negative, I'd love to hear it. Thanks!
"Hi, Just helped my friends to book 2 return flights to new York (EWR) from Edinburgh via LHR. Did my initial search through kayak which showed AA website to be the cheapest. I went ahead and booked flights and everything appeared to be processed. However, my friend has not received a confirmation email and when I check the booking on the AA website it shows up as ""on request"". Can anyone shed any light on this?"
Hi Please could somebody tell me if I check in online with Etihad is it possible for me to print the boarding pass out at a different time? My online check in opens at 9pm but I wouldn't have access to a printer until the following morning? Thanks for all your help.
Hi, Me and my wife have a flight with China Eastern Airlines from Beijing to Shanghai and 2 days later with China United Airlines back to Beijing, I cant find the answer, we can bring up to 1 baggage per ticket, up to 20KG, but what if we have ANOTHER baggage up to 20KG? we need to pay the 1.5% * fare ticket? all info I found is if the baggage over 20KG. Thanks
hi - i am looking at flying thai airways from sydney to london return in economy class. the plane will be a 747-400 744 series. i was just wondering if anyone knows if these seats will have individual entertainment consoles. Cheers.
Hiya can I do an open booking to Fiji, 2 adults plus 3 kids n pay in monthly. Kinda installments every month
Hi, Wpuld be keen to know if anyone has had experience of usingGB Airways, Gatwick to Luxor. Travelling to Egypt over Christmas and have the choice of using Monarch or GB. Thanks.
"Hi, I'm wondering if it is possible to change the 'return' round trip flights to another departure location?... I originally bought the round trip tickets: ""Toronto->China"" and ""China->Toronto"". In between I'm also planning on going to other nearby countries(Hongkong, Taiwan, Japan). I haven't bought other tickets yet, including the last flight from ""Japan->China"" (the one I'm trying to avoid buying right now) The reason that I bought the roundtrip instead of one way was because originally I was planning on going back to China again after my trips for couple weeks then return to Toronto. But right now something came up and I will have to return early... Basically, I'm asking if there's a way to change my return roundtrip flight from ""china->toronto"" to ""japan->toronto""? so I won't have to buy another ticket from japan to china just to get on the return flight. :( Please let me know what would be the best option for me. Thankss :)"
Evening Just wondered if anyone had a valid discount code for the terminal 2 meet and greet parking. Thanks
Hi! I was wondering if anyone could help me! I've booked for extra legroom seats on the 787 (Thomson) for my flight from Gatwick to the Dominican Republic. I was just wondering, where are the inflight entertainment screens for these seats? Or do they not have them?
Hi guys I would like to get suggestions from people who have traveled on Lufthansa before on the kind of meal to choose from ?
Hi Guys Just looking for some advice, a friend of mine has just had her flight cancelled from Sydney to Hong Kong by Fiji Airlines, they offered her an alternative flight 2 days later which doesn't suit as she'll miss the event she's scheduled to attend. She's now asking Fiji Airways for a refund to which they are flat out refusing to give her. The fare rules of the ticket state that it's non-refundable but as it's the airline who have cancelled the flight and the alternative flight is not an option, do she have any right to a refund? Her consumer rights would be under governed by Australian law. Cheers,
Hello, I have a Qatar flight from Delhi to Brussels with a stopover at Doha. The transit time is 1.45 min and I am worried if the time is enough to complete the boarding for my connecting flight. The whole schedule is pretty packed. I am traveling for a friends wedding. I am his Best Man and cant afford any delays. Please help. Any advice will be highly appreciated. Thanks in Advance :)
Hi all, i am looking for a flight for my mum who is goin to Brisbane around the 7th december to visit family. please could anyone give me ideas of who's best to go with at the moment, price wise and decent flight. Its been 13 years since i last went.So wouldn't have a clue now Thanks Marish
Hi there.. Im travelling from Sydney to Toronto via Vancouver and would like to bring back a bottle of wine or two from Duty Free. Im not planning to check in any luggage.. Is it possible to carry on duty free liquor? Thanks!
Hi, I recently purchased a set of AirAsia tickets (Singapore-Osaka) and (Tokyo-Singapore) from their booking website. May I know if stuff like Airport Taxes and Fuel Surcharges are included in the ticket price? Thank you
Hi, I tried to buy my ticket from lstanbul to Amsterdam via Go to gate and the web site charged me two times with no confirmed flight ticket. Any idea about recharged terms. Thank you Cihan
Hello, everyone. I'm not sure if I'm posting this in the right spot, but I'm not really sure where else to post this. I am going to be traveling to Scotland in mid-January. The dates are already set, as I have already confirmed the time off from work. Unfortunately, I need to book a Saturday flight both ways, due to work, otherwise I lose out in time in the UK. Anyway, I'm having trouble figuring out when to book it. Is it best to book it now, or should I wait a few weeks/months? The cheapest flights I'm seeing right now are around $1,070 for a roundtrip flight from Albany, NY to Glasgow, Scotland. Any advice?
Hi, I arrive in CDG an Air France about 11:30 on a Wednesday morning and have 2:25 hours before my AF flight to Amman. is that enough time to make it? Thanks, Carolyn
Hello, I am booked on the British Airways 787 London-Austin direct in July. Does anyone know if the seats in row 39 recline? I will be traveling with my daughter and these are the only seats that have just two together, but if they don't recline it may not be worth it. Can't quite tell from seat guru. Thanks for any advice.
"Guys, I will arrive from Siem Reap 16:20 at DMK (flying AirAsia). And I have a connection flight to HKG in the same airport, at 17:20. I do not have any bags. Is 1 hour long enough for an Air Asia ""connection"" at DMK? Without bags? Thanks a lot!"
Hello... I have Tinnitus and will be taking a non-stop flight with an A340 cross country. I will be wearing my headphones, but wanted to see what your opinions are for the quietest seat in Economy. I know being in front of wings or on top is the best for noise from my experience, however, economy starts from a little behind the middle of the wing. I'm considering taking row 24, in the middle as the sides are not available. Thoughts? Here is a map of the plane: seatguru.com/airlines/Swiss_Airlines/Swiss_A…
Hello, i can not find Transavia Holland in the list airlines?
Hi, I have a choice between KLM/Delta or American Airways for a flight between London and Boston. I'm petite so don't mind so much about seat size, but would like it to be comfy and have good movies etc! All opinions welcome Sara
Hi I have booked a mega cheap deal from Luton to Budapest for this October. Has anyone got any comment's on this route and company please. I have used Ryanair,Easyjet and Skyeurope before so I know what a no frills airline is like in general. I have looked online and there were some very unhappy pax in those reviews. TIA Clive
Hi Ok apart from all the jokes about having a goatee for 'Movember', just wondered what passport control in the UK and US will say as my current passport is clean shaven. If my photo is clean shaven do I have to be clean shaven or is a goatee going to be ok? Thanks Ian
Hi can anyone give me any info re time to get from terminal 2 to terminal 3 Abu Dhabi airport. I have 2 hours from landing from Dublin before I depart for Perth. Any info would be much appreciated. Thanks
Hello, We are planning to book JetBlue for Fort Lauderdale leaving out of SFO on Dec 24th. Our return is on Jan 2nd. Does anyone has an idea of how much a one way or round trip ticket would cost? We see some good deals right now on United and US Airways, but it's not nonstop. Thank you. Danny Edited: 5:12 pm, January 29, 2015
Hi All Ive been reading many topics about Philadelphia airport as its our first time flying to america (new york). Ive been checking about time between connecting flights and how far Term A is from Term F etc.... Reading some of the replies, though.... Ive picked up that some people have said that we need to go through customs/security and then collect our luggage BUT I was always under the impression that with any connecting flights your luggage is not seen again until you arrive at your destination... Is this true? Or will we have to collect our luggage when we land at PHL and then check it in again on our connecting flight to LGA? Thanks :)
hi all I spelled my boyfriend middle name wrong by one letter will this matter? because i dont want to pay 170.00 to change it
Hi all has anyone flown with philipines air from london? Comments would be welcome please
Hi everybody, I'm really worried because I've just booked a Ryanair ticket to fly from Girona and I wrote an incorrect second surname of one of the passengers. I've tried to change it on the internet but I've been asked more than 100€! Just for a surname! The rest is correct. Does anyone know a solution? Have you been in the same situation any of you. Thanks a lot!!!!!!!
Hi just bought one of these has anyone seen anybody use them on long haul flights,it has a green light tip so ppl should know its fake but will i be allowed to use,even if i need to use in wc as it shouldn't set off smoke detector. thanks inadvance. stets
Hi, I have purchased two separated tickets for the same flight 1) SCL to AKL (roundtrip) 2) AKL to SYD (roundtrip) Both flights are labeled with the same number LA801 (SCL-AKL-SYD) and LA800 (SYD-AKL-SCL) Will I be able to through check in my bags (SCL to SYD and SYD to SCL) so I don't have to go through migrations in AKL (New Zealand)? Regards
Hi all, My passport is going to expire in a couple of months and I need to book tickets with Malaysian Airlines. Has anyone booked with Malaysian Airlines and are you allowed to change the passport information after you’ve booked the tickets? I just need to renew my passport so I’m assuming it’s just the expiry date that I need to update once I’ve got my new passport. Just want to get our flights booked very soon since Air Asia's cancelled all their Paris/London routes and we're booked with them in May. Thanks very much! Cheers, Coco
Hi All We fly to cancun on monday, we booked through jet line but the flight is thomas cook, I am used to ticket less flights and stuff but notice on my paperwrk it says we should have tickets 7 days before going? I hope they haven't messed up!
hi,flying to cancun from gatwick in january.wondering of you are allowed to use your netbook on the flight??? thanks!
Hi, we hope to visit orlando 1st feb 2014. Im waiting for a sale . Am i right in thinking that there should be one around july. Thanks.
"Aloha from Kaua'i! Does anyone know how likely it is if you are flying United BC International on a 777 that it is to be in an updated configuration of the ""lay flat"" (well, almost flat) seats in the ""pod"" type seats? I have checked the ""Suite Dreams"" site and it shows 33% of the planes have been changed - has anyone flown this class recently and had the ""new"" configuration? We were lucky enough last year on one portion of our trip to Paris to have the ""newly configured"" seating and it was so nice! I'm hoping for a miracle that this year we might luck out again! Just wondering how likely this is in your opinion. Malama Pono, Janet"
Hello, Going to San Francicso from Amsterdam with Boeing 777-300 Me and my friend decided to book the seats in the Economy comfort area, we choosed 10 J K Is there anyone who wants to give me any inside info if we should change seats or has any reflections of how comfortable the seats really are? I was doing some googling and found out that the seats in 10 A B had some metal thing on them, iow, quite uncomfortable. Am afraid it's the same with ours. thanks
Hi everyone, I am trying to determine if what I am finding is reasonable. I know there are different variables that cause fluctuations in airfare, but I was just curious if anyone could provide any insight into what is even a ballpark deal from Atlanta to London. I am not going until April so I have some time to shop around.
Hi, I am wanting to fly Corfu > Rome and have found a Corfu > Rome > Dubrovnik flight way cheaper than the direct flight (even though the first leg of indirect is the exact same flight as the direct option). Can I presume it is ok just to fly to Rome then not bother with second leg to Dubrovnik? THanks
Hi Travelling with family to Orlando in June and have booked seats row 1 def - grateful for any feedback re these seats and on Dreamliner and PE in general many thanks
Hi, I am a virgin gold member with 100plus k miles. If I book economy in the correct class, can I use MY miles to upgrade both myself and the mrs?
Hi, I am flying in November from Orlando to Las Vegas with American Airlines. Looking over my flights, I'm not really feeling confident and just wanted to check if I should go ahead with this flight, or if I should be contacting American to see about a change? We fly from Orlando to Charlotte, have a 48 minute connection From from Charlotte to Phoenix, have around 90 minutes before we board our last flight to Vegas. That first connection time is very short. I am just a bit concerned that myself or my luggage might not make it. Just was after an opinion of what people think I should do, or if it would be fine? :) (also all the flights are on the same ticket, purchased at the same time) Thanks Edited: 3:51 am, August 04, 2016
Hi We are flying out to Punta Cana on June 4th,we have booked the premium cabin seats row 2 A-C Are these seats ok with no problems Many Thanks
Hello! long time lurker, looking for some advice. I bought flights for my family and I to travel to India for 2 weeks in August, on Air India, back in August. Basically, the family member we were planning to visit has now passed away, so we are not really able to travel any more at this particular time. I'm just trying to find out what the cost will be to cancel my flights but have scoured the bravely website to no avail. I can't find a breakdown of the cost of my booking or how much of it is taxes, etc. I know I can ring them and ask them but I'd like to have all the facts to hand before I do so! They mention 'agency & payment fees' but don't mention how much they are? I can see also that a voucher can be offered, but even that's not clear as to how it is calculated. Not sure how to proceed, would appreciate some advice, I can see on here that they seem to have a bad rep! thanks in advance valmiki
Hi I booked a flight from Naples to London in July that has a 55 minute lay over in Stuttgart airport. Having never booked a flight myself before I didn't know that this was actually a very short time in terms of changing flights. The two flights are with different airlines (Air Berlin and BA) but I booked them with triptsa not realising it was a fairly bad site.. My question is, is this enough time to make the connecting flight? The planes are in different terminals but I'm not sure how big the airport is and if this would be possible. Any help is really appreciated!! Thanks
Hi, i wonder if its normal. Ive booked a flight from guanzhou to yiwu and haven't got any mail from elong.net? Its not in my spam. Just didn't get one. I already paid via paypal. Ive contacted the support but didn't get a reply since 2 days. Anyone could help me out? Is that normal?
Hello I've booked a weekend to Budapest with easyjet and paid for a return resorthoppa transfer in the package. On my travel documents it says within 24 hours of my departure I should either go online to resorthoppa or download their app and put my reference number in to view my transfer. If I don't do this does it mean I won't be picked up? I paid for a return transfer and didn't want to spend time finding an Internet cafe or somewhere with wifi to sort something out that I thought I'd be prebooked as I only have a short weekend trip away...please help!
Hiya, Flying from LHR to JFK in may with my other half. Was just wondering what to expect in the world traveller Economy Dining as my other half is very fussy with food. Would it be better to take our own food or is there enough choice? Thanks :)
Hi, I am travelling to Thailand can anyone recommend the best/most effective prepaid sim for calling back home, local calls and small amount of internet usage. Nath
Dear Forum Members. I was wondering if any of you are I.A.P.A. (International Airline Passenger Association) members and if you could share your experiences (or experiences of other persons that you know about) in regards to insurance claims with them. Best regards. Cosmopol
Hi, I'm flying Gold Coast, AUS to Narita airport, Japan at the end of the month. It's a direct flight (no stop-overs), leaving at 10:50 and arriving in Japan at 18:55pm. Sleeping isn't really an option, I suck at sleeping through the day and there is only a 1 hour time difference between Aus and Japan. I'm bringing my iPod touch, and other interesting activities. Also, I'm flying Jetstar, anyone flown with them to Narita? Thanks in advance.
Hi, we are travelling from Gatwick in June and was wondering if anyone knew whether or not this airport had a cling film/ bubble/ cellofane wrap machine? Strange question I know but we wanted to wrap our pushchair up to protect it as when we travelled to Turkey last year they ruined our pushchair and this is a new one. Many thanks :)
Hello, I'm looking for an inexpensive flight from Ft Myers, FL to Denver, CO for Aug 22 thru 29th. Maybe even landing somewhere else and another flight to get to Denver? Thanks for all help!!!
Hello, I've had an e mail...(to which I've deleted! ) to tell me there are some differences in the luggage that I'm allowed to take....I'm flying with Singapore air to Phuket ,changing in Singapore ...my question is...what is my luggage allowance many thanks !
Hi Going to Puerto Plata, Dominican Republic tomorrow from Manchester, UK. Hold luggage is a total of about 1 or 2 kg over the limit, and our hand luggage is well under the 5kg each limit! (one is 2kg and 1 is 3) Are they likely to consider the lot as a whole allowance? No one item is over 23kg! Please get back to me asap I go tomorrow!
Hi I'm looking fly from anywhere in the UK to anywhere in India via Jordan for as cheap as possible. If anyone has any useful tips on this that would be great. I've looked at doing some of the multi-city routes through some of the airlines but the closest I can bet is Royal Jordanian for £595 to Bangkok.
Hi Can anyone give me a bit of advice on Trang domestic (TST) airport, Thailand ? We are flying to Bangkok with Air Asia from Trang next month, we have 6 hours to kill and we want to head into Trang Town, which is only 5km away, my question is, what facilities Trang airport has in the way of left luggage. I have searched the internet and there’s no information regarding facilities at this airport and I am hoping someone may have done the Koh Lipe – Trang airport route and advice me about left luggage facilities Thanks
Hi Leyland, Hopefully you can answer my question. I am sure I have read somewhere that if you book a Thomas Cook Signature holiday you do not have to pay the depature tax, when elaving Cancun. Is this correct? Kind regards and thank you
hello im wondering if anyone can help me please? im flying with virgin from man to orlando on the 8th june,does anyone know if I can find out what plane we will be on?its not saying anything on my virgin log in page. thank you in advance trace xx
Hi, Just wondering if others can access this web site or if it is off line at the moment?? I got there yesterday but today when I went to see a res. I couldn't get to the site at all!
Hello Earlier this evening I was attempting to purchase tickets on Aer Lingus's website. I was able to get through the entire process (credit card info incl) until I hit the Purchase button - I immediately got thrown back to a search screen. I am assuming that the reservation did not go through . I am curious if anyone else has experienced this problem when using Safari? I searched previous forum posts but didn't see anything mentioned. I will most likely attempt to retry the transaction tomorrow on my laptop as opposed to my iPad. Thank you Thank in advance
Hello, we just booked our economy seats on Virgins refitted LGW 747. We have selected seats row 79 ABC which are upstairs. Behind these seats are the stairs. Could anyone tell me if these seats recline or not? Seat Guru does not have the updated seat map for this plane. Would like these seats so nobody will be prodding the touchscreens all the way accross the pond but we be put off them if the seats wont recline. Many thanks Paul
Hello everyone, so here's what happened. We have a trip scheduled to Madrid for November and we are flying with ryanair.The itinerary is thessaloniki-milan, milan-madrid and today I received an e-mail from ryanair informing me that the departure time from thessaloniki to milan has been changed. The result is that we are losing our connection to Madrid. Does anyone know what happens in such a situation? I know we can get a refund for only one flight (the one that has been changed) but obviously this is not a solution since we have paid for four...
"Hi I hope an expert can help me here. I am looking at travelling to Las Vegas from the UK in September. The flight carrier is advertised as Iberia however it says below "" Operated by British Airways"". We want to fly BA, will this flight be a BA or Iberia plane? I hope you can clarify. Thank you"
Hi, I have pre booked the escape lounge for my son and myself. I am concerned about dress code as my son wears trainers or plimsolls or flip flops for holidays. Its really not suitable to wear his leather shoes just to enter the lounge and then be burdened with them all holiday. I have read reviews where members seem to have a pompous attitude to dress code and snub any form of casual sports wear. My son looks very respectable in his fashion wear and is clean and tidy. I have worked in office environments where business men dressed in suits are offensive due to their uncleanliness but because it is a suit and looks business it is deemed. Dress code is surely subjective for an airport lounge where people are meant to be in holiday mode! Shouldn't the fact that a person is be clean and tidy and respectful be more important than what line of attire they are wearing? I totally agree that a person should dress respectful in terms of not revealing too much flesh but reasonable length shorts and trainers...what is the problem? Maybe there should be a business lounge purely for business attire and an exclusive lounge for respectful people who can wear any fashion provided they are clean, tidy and respectful to others.
Hi My daughter and I will have a 14 hour stopover from 20.20 on Sunday 7th August to 10.50 on Monday 8th August. Never been to Atlanta before. Any suggestions? Seems a very long time to be doing nothing. Thanks
"Hi, has anyone had any problems with HMPO online form when submiting their passport application? I applied for my first adult passport in July/2014 by using the online form available. Approximately six weeks later I received a letter saying I needed to complete a whole new form, this time in paper form. I contacted HMPO and asked why, since my application was complete and with no errors. They told me it was because I had missed Section 4 (details on parents). I went back into the online form, this time taking screen shots with date and time, and surprise, surprise there was no Section 4 in the online version of the form. I was never given the opportunity to write my parents details. I repeated the process several times in different dates and managed to get to the end of the form (screen to complete payment and submit). I tried contacting them by phone, but they insisted that despite the problem I had to go through the whole process again. I tried complaining, had no replies. Phoned again several times, then they finally said they could not find my application, then later on they ""found"" it but that there was no way around it. As a result I have waited for my passport to be processed for more than 8 weeks now - and still no idea when it will be finalised. I read in a similar trip advisor forum (""Problems with the Passport Office,dated April 2014) that some people, Miss B and Nanny503927 for example, were having similar problems. I would not recommend use of HMPO online form for new applicants... And i was wondering if anyone has had similar issues. Thank you"
Hi there I'm travelling to Prague from Delhi later this week on a Schengen visa. The Lufthansa flight involves a 5 hour transit in Frankfurt. I'm a little unsure about customs and immigration rules. Would I get a through checkin till Prague, or need to collect bags in Frankfurt and go through immigration etc there since it's my first point of entry into Schengen zone? Grateful for any advice on this Thanks
Hi all,apologies if this question has been answered before,or the answer is staring me in the face on the BA home page. I am flying to Hong Kong with British Airways,then Hong Kong to Sydney with Cathay Pacific next month.l booked the full journey with British Airways. British Airways allow 23 kilos,Cathay Pacific allow 20 kilos baggage allowance,l am confused as to whether l will have to `lose` 3 kilos on the Cathay Pacific leg,or the BA allowance will be allowed on the HK-Syd flight. Any help gratefully accepted
Hi Despite all the negative feedback on the Ryanair cash passport I decided it was worth trying to acquire one as I travel with Ryanair frequently. I filled in the form but the process hung at the card verification process. The verification page never appeared and nothing happened. I tried with a different debit card but the same thing happened. Both cards were Visa debit cards. Has this happened to anyone else and have you managed to get round this?
Hi, cheapest way to send excess baggage from rural Australia to uk?
Hello, I am sorry for posting this in the air travel forum, but I have spent literally weeks trying to research this, calling everybody I can think of, only to be told to contact my embassy who does not take phone calls or give any advice. Can somebody who has travelled to America before under the visa waiver programme please give me a list of absolutely everything I needed? I can't risk being denied and losing all the money I spent. Please reply as I am due to travel very soon. Thank you.
Hi everyone, I know this question is noting to do with Cyprus but as your normally all so helpfull thought you might know. We are pre-booking our seats flying with Monarch, and wonderd if anyone knew which are good seats to go for, we was going to go for the first Row whcih is the Bulkhead? not the toilet side the galley side and wondered if these were ok, all legroom ones have gone, so thought this might give us slightly more legroom, any views. We dont normally pre-book, but after last year not sitting together we are this year. Thanks in advance
Hi, Im a member of BAs exec club and at the moment I'm on Bronze. My question is do I go back to blue membership at the end of the year when it expires or do I stay on Bronze and continue to work towards silver. Lou
hi, just wondering when is likely to be the best time to book cheaper flights to orlando for the end of august, i'm a teacher so need to go during summer holidays so expect it to be more expensive but at the minute the prices are sky high. is there likely to be a jan sale or what is peoples advice for me in relation to flights? we simply couldn't afford to go at the current prices. has to be flight only as we already have accomodation over there, my mum is in the disney vacation club!! thanks in advance!
Hello, Could anyone please tell me when United Airlines will release their flights for October 2010? They are only up until the end of July 2010 at the mo, and I cant wait to book! Thanks :-)
Hello everyone. When i booked my tickets, I input my first name like this : Bob Joe (because it has a Hyphen and air china would not let me input Bob-Joe), and my last name like this : Smith. Now, on the air china booking website, it shows as First Name : Bob, and Middle name : Joe. On my passport my first name is clearly Bob-Joe with no middle name. Now my question is, will I run into trouble when boarding my plane because of this? Thanks for your help :)
Hi Does anyone know what time exit seats are released on manage my booking 14 days head of the flight - ie mignight of the 14 days before, the time of flight, etc? thanks
Hello fellow travelers, I am wondering - since I'm still doing research on the country I'm visiting next year, when will the airfare be available? Eg. If my travel is in April 2014....when can I start checking on the airfare. It's too early at the moment since the only airfare available is up till Feb 2014.
Hey everyone, anyone has suggestions where should I go in North-eastern USA if I want to travel in January / February. I was thinking abt Chicago or Boston.
hi. can any one recommend any hotels on or near as near as possible heathrow airport as i have a flight out of heathrow in august at 9am so will need to stay at a hotel the night before? i am looking for somewhere relativly close and max cost £100 for a twin room, no parking will be needed etc. we are not looking for any where flash, just somewhere to lay our head, any suggestions would be welcome and appreciated the ones that i have been looking at so far are the ibis, holiday inn, and novotel, has any one stayed in them
Hi Given the possibility of extra security checks on US flights does the following connection time seem too tight as the travel agent thinks it is ok but I have my doubts. Dublin to LHR on Aer Lingus ETA 0910 in T1 and departing on Virgin Atlantic from T3 to San Francisco ETD 1100. I think this connection is too tight but any advice (especially from anyone who has travelled to the States from LHR recently) would be welcome.
Hi, I've just booked to go to Hurghada with Viking airlines. I've read some horror stories about them but have heard that they have improved and now have newer planes. Has anyone flown with them recently? I'd like to hear of experiences and thoughts on them! Thanks
Hi all Does anybody know if Easy Jet are going to continue flying to Bergen this summer. At the moment they are only taking bookings until early June but the site is not saying if they will continue after that. vinndy
Hi, I booked tickets today for the end of November and would like to cancel them. Am I able to get a refund on the tickets I have purchased?
hi I have reservations for November 27th from BWI to New York Penn Station on the regular cname- but would like to change to Acela is that possible?
hi ----- i have a question I'm traveling to california and was wondering how much it would be to take my car with me in the trip. i have a 2013 volkswagen beetle
HI ----- I was scheduled to go on the train from Van nuys to Goleh's but I ended up getting off at chatsworth because I was feeling ill is there anyway I could get a refund or a voucher for the remsim
Hi, my sister lost her ID in salt lake city, she wants to take cname- to los angeles, can she do that?
----- I'm trying to buy tickets for the Raider game Sunday and the date bubble is not populating
Hi, I just booked two tickets on cname--, but do not have seats listed on the eticket. Do I actually have assigned seats?
Hi I would like to know how much time it takes to get from toronto to chicago
hi -----, i am booking a business class ticket from nyc to boston. when am i able to select my seat?
Hi -----, I purchased a ticket moments ago online and received the eTicket. However, the first name of the passenger I purchased for does not match his ID. Will this be a problem?
Hi ----- : I have a trip for 8 people coming up on 12-27-15 from Lorton VA to Sanford FL and I would like to make reservations for dinner. How do I do it ?
hi -----, I am trying to find the best travel route from NY penn station to 4321 collington road bowie md 20716 using the acela express. It is ok if the station isnt too close. What is the closest MD?
hi -----. I have a member number ###########… and a password but the login message is telling me i am using invalid information. I have attempted twice to get my password... i have gotten a messag
HI -----, does they the 5 California Zephyr out of salt lake city to Fresno Ca. only leave at 11:30pm? I would love to see the
Hi, ----- -- I can't sign in to my account. Have tried resetting password, and still can't sign in.
Hi I am looking for train tickets to NY Penn Station on December 11 for the 9:30 train. Do you have any of the SAVER tickets left
Hi -----, I looking for a train service from Chicago, to Phoenix. I think I'd be better off in a sleeper and I don't think there would be enough leg and sleeping room in a seat. I've never been on a t
Hi -----, Happy Thanksgiving.....my grandson and his fiancée want to come to FL from PA, do they need I.D. in PA to get on the train?
hi I am looking for 2 tickets from Stockton to Roseville for 11/27/15
Hello - do you know if the 160 Northeast regional serves alcohol? I am looking to travel on that train January 16th at 8:27 AM from Newark to Boston
-----, I'm trying to book a train from Burbank Airport to Guadalups/Santa Maria, CA
Hi. Yesterday afternoon I reserved a seat for 11/25 train ##### Washington to Trenton -- but I didn't receive email conformation.
Hi I am an adult on disability but did not see which box to check when I created my account
Hi -----...I'm trying to get round trip tickets from SPI to CHI, 2 adults, $42.00, departing 12/17/15 in Morning, leaving CHI 12/20/15 in the afternoon. Having a problem getting this to work.
Hi -----, Is there a commuter rail from Kingston,Ma that goes to New York
hello i have a question. do you have to transfer trains going from san diego to chatsworth california
Hi -----. Is it possible to take a train from rhode island to portland maine without changing trains?
Hi I wanted to check the train number for 11 Coast Straight from SJC to SBA
Hi. If I need to cancel a booked reservation, is that reservation transferable?
Hi I would like to add my cname- Guest Reward number to my trip
Hello I am trying to cancel my cname- ticket, but there is consistently a system issue. Is there someone I can call?
Hello, when I go to check out, my AAA discount is not there. Please advise
hello i wanted to ask if you have a coupon code I can use
Hi! it will not let me put in departure and return dates
Hi, I reset my password and it continues to tell me it is incorrect and won't let me log in
Hi -----. My mail address for my Citibank debit card is in Sweden. I can not enter that address what should I do to complete my purchase?
hi! i've reset my password twice, and the system still won't let me log in. Help!
My name is ---------- ---------. I have used cname- on many occasions but am disappointed about their new rules about tickets purchased and cancellations. I purchased an cname- ticvket to travel to
Hi -----, Do you know what #s I use off of my AAA card?
hi, we need to leave Chatsworth at 6 am to be in Irvine 8 am
Hi, is it possible for me to cancel part of my trip?
Hello I just want to check to see if I was given the senior discount rate on my recent ticket purchase
"Hi I have a question regarding the ""checked Baggage"". I want to travel from the New York Penn Station to Brattleboro, VT with two big bags (23 kg each). However I have found that Brattleboro Station d"
Hi -----, I think I left something on a train last week, does cname- have a lost and found?
Hi Juie, we are trying to book a seat on the train for our son who wants to travel on 11-24-15 from Solana Beach CA to either Burbank Airport or Union Station but there seams to include a bus ride to
Hi -----, I'm trying to book a roundtrip from EL MI to Chicago. I'm good with the outgoing train, but confused on the returning train. It's showing me a choice of the 350 Wolverine in my preferred t
hi i need to cancel reservations i made for ------- ------ but i sont have reservation number my travel days are tue nov 24 from flagstaff az
Hi, I looked up the schedule from San Diego to Irvine the first time about one hour ago for 11/24/15 and it showed a train departing San Diego at 12:00 noon. Now I looked it up again and it shows the
Hi I am looking for a train that will go from Pueblo Co to Garden city, ks and I am not understanding the routes and times on the website
Hi I'm traveling tomorrow and I was wondering how many bags I could bring without added costs
Hi! I am traveling Coach on Wednesday. Can I upgrade to a
Hi, if I cancel my reservation for Monday 11/30 will I still get a refund/e-voucher?
Hi, im trying to get some info on traveling from New orleans to Flagstaff AZ on cname-!
HI, I would like to buy our 5 cars on February 9th 2016 from PDX Union Station to Seattle
Hi - Traveling from St. Louis MO to New Orleans,LA on Tuesday, Dec. 22
Hi, I was booking a roundtrip from NCR to NYP. I walked away from my computer for about an hour and all of the afternoon return trips from NYP to NCR on Sunday 12/6 disappeared from the options.
hello! Does a flexible ticket mean I can change my train the day of?
hi i just purchased tickets but my order is not fully processed. the following is a screen print. what should i do next. I've been waiting for at least 7 minutes:
Hi ----- i have a ticket to travel from Phila to Washington today i want to change my ticket , is it possible?
Hi, when is the cheapest time to travel from southern california to bend, oregon?
Hi,I would like to know if your perris station is open yet?..in calif
Hello- I took two train rides in one day last weekend and had long delays on both trains. Is there someone that I can email with a complaint?
Hi, I'm wondering why there is no Vermonter train running from the last weekend in December to the first weekend in January?
HI -----, WE NEED TO CANCEL OUR DEC 23 TRIP. MY RES # IS ######. CAN YOU HELP?
Hi, I am riding on the NE Regional for Christmas and I need to take my dog with me
Hello-I just purchased 2 tickets, for myself and my daughter, however I noticed both tickets are under my name..how can I correct this?
Hi -----. I am attempting to change the email address connected to my cname- account. It will not allow me to save this information in my profile. Please assist and thank you!
hi, may i cancel my trip on NOV 29, 6.58 PM ?
Good morning -----, I would like to know if cname- goes to Washington DC
Hi -----, I'm looking for a train out of Chatsworth on Tuesday the 10th
hi why why is it that I am unable to input a departing dare
Hi ---- Can a ticket be reserved online but pay cash at station with agent?
Hi...I am having problems cancelling a reservation. problem with CC expiration date.
Hi, I'm --------------. I just bought a ticket for the 715 Albany NY to Poughkeepsie NY. I no longer need the train. What options do I have?
Hi -----...I am hoping to take cname- from boston back bay BBY to Canaan CT but I don't know which cname- station stop is closest to Canaan, CT....I would be leaving on a Monday
Hello, I made a booking for a customer through an online booking tool in our office and received an error message. It said the reservation was received by you all at cname-, but not by our agency.
hi im ------ im trying to get a train from menphis tn to new orleans LA leaving december 25, 2015 at night
Hi, My mom will be traveling on cname- next week, she has a grill tool set to bring as a gift, will she be allowed to bring it?
Hi -----! I bought a train ticket this morning and I cannot seem to locate a confirmation email. Is there a way to see a confirmation email or notification?
Hi -----, I purchased a RT ticket on regional express but want to upgrade to the Acela on way can I do that
Hi I'm scheduled to leave at 7:24 a.m. tomorrow from ORC but don't have tickets can I pick them up there?
Hi, I want to buy a ticket for my daughter to come visit from salem oregon to stanwood washington.. if I buy the ticket online can she pick it up at the salem station
Hi -----, can you tell me why there is a delay from Hartford to Penn station NY. train was supposed to leave at 3-23
hi. i made reservations a month or two ago and can't find the confirmation email. how can I retrieve my reservation and print tickets? thanks
Hi, I bought two tickets and did not print them out?! We arrive Thursday
Hi I am looking into pricing for myself, my 2 year old, and my infant to go from Denver to Grand Junction. Just trying to find the best deal possible
Hi, I'm having problems getting my boarding pass/ticket either on my iPhone app or online
hello, i am trying to find a train from santa clarita to somewhere near ventura, camarillo or oxnard for tomorrow but an error message keeps popping up
Hi -----. I was wondering how much it would be to change my ticket from the 20th to the 21st
Hi, we are making two train reservations and we will be traveling with two children and have questions about the luggage that we are allowed? Thanks.
Hello, I've tried to reset my password and it is not working. I'm getting a failed message.
hi I am trying to see how much 2 adult tickets will cost me if I went from Milwaukee, Wisconsin to Jefferson city missourri will be
hi, i need to add an existing reservation to my new account
Hi are there any trains from taleehase florida to penn station ny?
-----, is it possible to pay on cname-.com with an Amex gift card?
Hi, I put the worng passenger info on a ticket. How can I change it?
hey -----, yesterday and this morning I called cname-, however, looks like tour calling system had trouble, and I could not reschedule very well.
Hi ----- my son is leaving out of penn statio tomorrow morning. Does he need to get there earlier than normal.
Hi -----, Trying to get a price for travel for 2 going to NY from Chicago on Dec. 17 . Returning from Stamford, ct, to Chicago on Dec. 21 or 22
-----, we would like to travel from Seattle to San Diego on the Coast Starlight whenever to arrive in San Diego on 2/18/16. Is that possible?
Hi...would it be possible to change my ticket for Nov 6th to Nov 8th instead? My reservation number is ######
Hi -----, we have tickets for the 5.20pm train from Boston South Station to NY Penn Station on the 9th December - the Acela Express. However,, can we board at cname- 128 Westwood instead of Boston?
Hi, I would like to take the cname- train from Grand Rapids to Spokane so I could arrive there on Aug. 6-8. I would like to take one of the trains with the park ranger on board. Can you help?
----- I am trying to travel from St. Paul, MN to Lafayette IN and I cannot seem to book it
Hi, if I book a round trip ticket 10 days in advance do I get it 25% off?
Hi. I just booked a ticket but need to change the return leg home to a later train. How do I do this?
Hi, I am wondering if there is a train departing today and returning tomorrow evening from vancouver to seattle
Hi Im trying to get Idaho Falls from either San Bernardino or Riverside Ca. I've never booked a train reservation and can't seem to find a route.
Hi -----, I booked a trip this morning, that I need to change (if possible) and I'm not sure how to do it
Hello, we are a travel agency in Berlin, Germany, specialized on rail travel worldwide. Once, we had a log in as cname- sales agency, but it seems no more to be active. What can we do? Peter
Dear ----- I want to travel from San Diego to Orlando only by train as I love train Journey. I am from India and shortly visiting some relatives there. Please guide me as to which train to catch where
Hi, I'm looking to book a ticket from Wolfpoint, MT to Sandpoint, ID...
Hi. We are trying to travel from nYC to Boston tomorrow with 2 pieces of luggage. However all the scheduled trains say no checked baggage. How do we get 2 people with 2 suitcases on the train?
Hi, I thought I picked round trip, but haven't been asked about my return trip yet and I am at the payment tab.
Hi - I'm trying to figure out if I can take an Acela express train from BWI to MetroPark NJ
Hi -----! We are three seniors one is handicapped. She needs wheelchair are there any specials for us?
Hi -----. I'm trying to determine the best route to get from Clifton forge va to Raleigh or Durham. Traveling not 22 to nov 28. It's for my 14 year old brother. I would prefer if there was some way tl
Hi we have a reservation on the train going from doc to florida you 12/31. How do we make a dinner reservation for dinner and breakfast
Hi, I am trying to book a ticket and it tells me that there is a system issue, can I call it my reservation?
Hi, I a, just confused by the different ticeket options. Like the ones labeled thruway bus... I'm just trying to figure out the cheapest and quickest route.
"Hello...I just purchased train tickets but got logged out suddenly when I clicked on ""Buy Tickets""...did my sale go through??"
Hi ----- - I'm looking for details for a one-day trip to DC for 3 of us and we would like to see in the lounge car where we can face each other but I don't see that option when I enter in the details?
Hi -----. I am not sure of my travel dates as yet but I will be traveling for a surgical procedure. Are there any special discounts for this kind of travel?
Hi, -----. I'd like a quote on a train ticket from Cincinnati, OH to Southern Pines, NC for 11/23/15.
Hi -----, I don't remember my cname- rewards #. How can I get it?
hi, we are planning to go to roseville,ca from pleasanton, ca. is there a way to help me
Hi ----- I am at a station where the ticket office is closed an I don't have a credit card on me. It is a regional train. Can i pay cash?
Hi -----, I bought one e-ticket from Hudson to NY. for November 14, 2015. And iI wrote wrong e-mail address so I will never get the tickets. My reservation number is ######. Could you please send my e
Hi -----, I would like to travel from New York to Ottawa, Ontario in Canada. How do I do that on cname-?
Hi -----, I'm not able to type in my card security code
Hi -----, was wondering how long it took from va to txt on cname-
-----, I need to make this a one-way ticket. Leaving on 11/20 same time4:46am, but want to cancel the return train. How can I do this? ------------------
Hello, I have an email on my phone with my ticket information. Do I need to print it out or can I show the email to the conductor with out printing out?
Hi me and my fiance need to catch a train out of milwaukee wi, in the afternoon. we r arriving n milwaukee at 1:05pm on a lamers bus and would like to ride a train to cincinnati.. is it possible..?
hi I want to travel boston to Miami with stop in Washington dc
Hi ----- I was just wondering about open on a train going to Macomb.
Hi there, I booked train tickets from detroit to chicago and can't find the passes I printed off. Am I able to reprint them:?
hi ----- I'm having trouble finding out if i can take my car with me
Hi. I believe I mistakenly deleted the email with confirmation information for my trip on November 25th from NYP to BAL. My name is ------------ and I paid with a mastercard. Can you help me find?
Hi -----, I wanted to upgrade our trip from Pittsburgh to NY from December 19 to December 23
hi -----. What are the fares to go cname-- with a booth 2 adultsround trip jan. 17 to jan 22? leaving klamat falls oregon to lax
Hi -----, I bought a ticket for my son to come home from Washington DC to Stamford Ct scheduled to travel on November 13. The train was late, so my wife bought him a more expensive ticket. I would
Hi, I'm taking the 2224 Thruway Bus this evening departing BWI at 6:21pm. Is the Thruway Bus a bus or a train?
Hi,----- question if I,buy a ticket via internet in kansas city for my sister coming from naperville il. can i send the ticket # can she pick up her ticket at the naperville station??Tx.
Hi -----, I have a friend who says he is arriving in Corvallis (CVI) tomorrow evening around 6:30PM... I can find no way this happens
"Hi -----, I am looking into purchasing a ticket on the cname- from New york to Washington DC in January. Train tickets say ""no baggage check-in"" does this mean that I cannot bring a suitcase with me?"
Hi i have a emotional support dog I have a doctor's note saying he's a emotional dog but I haven't registered him yet
hi there is traffic and im trying to catch my connecting bus at the transbay terminal. what can i do
Hello. I bought a 2 way ticket and lost it is there a way to get a replacement
Hi my question is on the 421 eagle leaving Austin on the 19th to LA it departs at 6 30 pm then it goes to san Antonio and leave there at 2 45 am to LA it does not take 8 hours to get t san antiono
hi bought a first class ticket but it does not say so on the ticket i printed ho come
Hello, -----, My original password no longer seems to work and I've tried unsuccessfully twice to reset my password. The message states that a temporary password has been sent to me email, but hasn'
Hi -----, I booked tickets yesterday but never recieved an email with my tickets. confirmation number is ------ and my name is ------------
Hello i booked the wrong ticket is it to late to switch it if my train leaves at four oclock?
Hi -----! I bought a train ticket this morning and I cannot seem to locate a confirmation email. Is there a way to see a confirmation email or notification?
Hi, I purchased three tickets on December 1st for a trip to Bellingham from Seattle, Washington. I am now noticing I never received confirmation. Does this purchase exist?
HI, -----, I WOULD LIKE TO TRAVEL FROM DAYTONIA BEACH FL TO DELRAY BEACH FL BEGINNING IN FEBRUARY OF 2016, IS THAT POSSIBLE?
----- my Name ------------- I booked a ticket from Providence to New York for the 27th November I did not see my confirmation
Hello: I called and booked tickets from Port Huron to Chicago from Dec. 8- Dec. 12. I am not able to find the email with the tickets attached.
hi ----- . does the train take me from bellingham to seatac
Hello can I pay at the station I don't have a card
Hello, would you please e-mail me a receipt for my trip, Reservation # ------.
Hey -----, is there a train that goes from palmdale CA to phoenix AZ
----- I need to change my departure from 6:55 am on 12/30/2015 to 11 am. My reservation # is ------.
hi, are there any trains going from phiilly 30th street station to new brunswick nj monday dec 21 in the morning?
hi could u tell me which track the 2167 Acela might arrive?
Hi ----- we are looking for a one day trip from dc to nyc
Hi, I need to cancel travel for this Weds and have it placed on an evoucher.
hi,. I bought a ticket a few weeks ago for tomorrow and I am not sure where it is. can I print another copy?
Hi -----. I recently made reservations, but could not find my account at that time. How do I add those reservations to my account? Here is the info if needed ------
Hi -----. I forgot my log in password & I keep trying forgot password but I still have problems. My name is -------------------- and my cname- Guest Rewards # is ##########
Hi there. I work for a non profit organization and we are inquiring about in-kind advertising for our accessibility programs. Our office is located in New York City & in close proximity to cname-
Hi -----, I've reserved train on Jan. 18, 2015 (at 8:30 AM departure) in New york Pennstation
Hi im looking for rates leaving Flordia to Texas with a dog
Good morning. I entered my email address to hvae my password reset (twice) and no password was sent to me. I checked the Junk/Spam folder but there is nothing. How do i rectify this?
Hi, i would like to change the time of my trip. Would that be possible?
Hi there, I wanted to cancel a trip scheduled for today. I couldn't seem to find it with the record locator numbers I got in my email so I was having trouble canceling the trip on my own.
hello, can I just reserve a roomette instead of a family bedroom? I I will be traveling with my 2 small children who will be sleeping with me anyway, we dont need 4 beds
Hi I'm going home from NYC to Hartford CT I have 1 carryon and 1 suitcase approx weight 20kgs .Will I be able to take my bag without hassles. Let me know so I can book the ticket online
Hi, I bought the tickets for my whole family from Vancouver BC to Los Angeles. My reservation number is ------. Can I upgrade it from coach seat to a family bedroom?
Good afternoon - is it possible to get a receipt for a trip already taken? Specifically ------
Hi! I accidentally deleted my confirmation and ticket emails from both my inbox and trash. How can I get my ticket for a train on tuesday afternoon?
hello, I am on the website and it is showing cname- Cascades takes 5hrs 28 mins from Vancouver BC Canada to Tacoma Wa, and that Coast Starlite leaves at 9:35 an and arrives same destination at 10:21-
Good morning -----, question is I am trying to get a quotation form Bellingham to Portland leaving May 13th and returning May 16th. 2 but
Hi, I reset my password and it continues to tell me it is incorrect and won't let me log in
hello. i just wanted to know if theirs pet allowed in the train?
Hi searching for a round trip from Bridgeport ct to phil. PA & back from 11/19 to 11/22
Good morning, we're from England and are trying to book a train journey for next year, from Los Angeles to Las Vegas. Please can you advise if there is a direct train route, thank you
Hello, I am actually looking for information on the application process for the next round of cname-- Residency .
Hi, I want to travel from Boston (south Station) to NY Penn Station on 5th january at 9:36 pm from Boston. The route is 67 Northeast Regional.
Hi .. I am looking to book online and haven't done a sleeper for awhile. I will be traveling alone (not sure of dates yet, possible funeral soon) but do I have to purchase a reserved seat
Hi, I would like to travel from Los Angeles to New Orleans on the Sunset Limited sometime in Janaury
Hi, I'm having a problem cancelling the Departure portion of my trip, reservation ------, I want to keep my return trip, but I don't need to take the train on Saturday, Nov. 7th anymore
Hi -----! I am looking to dispute a charge. cname- charged me for two tickets after I modified my reservation.
hello-I need to call in payment for a reservation I just booked....this is the first time I have booked cname- in my system
----- I forgot my password and so I requested a new password. It has not showed on my email and since then I found my password. What do I need to do?
Hi! I was wondering if you need to check in 3 days prior to your train departing? I am new at this and will be leaving on Wednesday so I want to make sure everything is squared away. Thank you
Hi ----- What time should we be at the Whitefish station if we are departing at 7:46am?
Greetings: I have a friend who would like to take the train from Chicago to North Georgia approximately 70 miles north of Atlanta. Would this be possible?
hello, can i take a train from New York to Washington DC and send my checked baggage in another train accept baggage
HI ----- , IF I DONT HAVE A CREDIT CARD , CAN I STILL RESERVE cname- TICKETS ?
Hi, I am riding on the NE Regional for Christmas and I need to take my dog with me
Hi, the website doesn't appear to be working, not letting me select a departure. Is there a number I can call to book?
Hi. I am Military Retired and am looking to get as close to Hilton Head SC on 12/20 and returning 12/27. Can you help me?
----- what is the Senior ticket price from Osceola, IA to Denver, Co?
Hi -----. We have tickets from NY penn to Albany at 5:15 and would like to leave earlier. Is that possible
Hi -----, I need to travel from Williston, ND to Havre, MT and return back to Williston with my dog
Hello how much for a round trip ticket from Detroit to chicago
Hi. Can I get on at one stop after the one I have on my reservation>
hi want to take a train to south centeral Colorado from Denver, but site keeps putting me on a bus,
Hi, -----. I forget my password, and entered my email to reset it. But cname- hasn't sent me any emails regarding password resetting, and I'm wondering what's going on here
----- can you tell me if cname- goes from wilmington, delaware to northeast md. I just recently got a job and I am trying to figure out if transportation is available
hi im trying to find my old reservation for tomorrow to print out, how do i do that?
hello i need to know a price from springfield ma to aberdeen md
Hi i want yo know if hoy have auto train Virginia to Denver ??
Hi there, Im wondering if when I buy a superliner room - is that two tickets or one?
Hi. I need to commute from Irvine, CA to Santa Barbara on a daily basis. What is the most economical option for me?
Hi, how much does it cost roundtrip , from Norfolk VA to Raleigh, NC, if I leave Dec 19th and return Dec 24th
Hi, Just trying to find out if the train from San Diego to Grover Beach is on time
Hi I need to change my room type for an existing reservation
Hello, can I login to cname- using my cname- Guest Rewards information?
Hi -----. I liked to book 2 senior tickets for Dec 19 round trip and in the return on Dec 22nd I like to add two Adults and tow children ages 12, and 10
Hi! Can I take a rental car on the Coast Starlight from PDX to CMO return? Thanks
Hi, I wanted to book trains for me and my two children, from New York to Lafayette, la. to arrive christmas eve day or early chirstmas day, but it wont' allow me to do so,
Good morning I would like to ask why it's not alone we book a ticket
hello I have a question regarding the statement no checked baggage> does this apply to a carry on case?
hi ----- , i am looking at travel from jan 10,2016 ,from st.paul mn. to new orleans la.
Hi. I am trying to book my travel, and I am disabled, but can't figure out where to click for disabled status.
Hi I purchased a ticket from Oceanside CA to Los Angeles Union Station on the surfliner train tomorrow (Thanksgiving).
hi conf. ####### do we need to check in today for we leave tomorrow
Hi -----. Can you help me locate my e-tickets I purchased a while back for a trip to Chicago tomorrow? I can't locate the email in my inbox.
Hi -----. How do I associate an existing registration with a new profile?
hi to get from ny to fla the only stations r lorton va to sanford flais that right
Hi, I am travelling to Camden SC in Feb and am flying from New Zealand to Charleston. I just want to confirm that there is a train to either Camden or Kershaw from Charleston on 08 or 07th Feb 2016
Hi I thought I booked a trip but dont see it in my account
Hi -----, need a receipt for a travel that was already done. # --------------- from George Washington University. Date 10/05/2015
hi whats the closest i can get to talahassee fl if i board from miami fl
Hi. Do I have to join for student savings or just have id
Hi I want to take auto train on dec. 2nd with my car and a cat in a small carrier - information please?
Hi does the 54 Vermonter train go from Newark, no to Hartford, ct without any transfers
hi is the 11 coast starlight a direct train ride from San Jose to Los Angeles
hi ----- I keep getting error id: 720S when I try to price a trip
Hi...I am having problems cancelling a reservation. problem with CC expiration date.
Hi ----- I purchased my ticket this morning and I did not recieve
hi. i need to link an existing reservation to an account. can you help me with this?
hi I just made a reservation and realized I had a typo on my main email address - how do I correct it?
hi. we have always been able to select vision impaired need assistance but this time I couldn't find it
Hi, I am trying to pay with an voucher, but the amount for the voucher is not coming off the total
Hello! I'm would like to find out about using an cname- pass for retired Southern Pacific employees.
hi just realised that I typed wrong surname in my ticket. how can I correct it?
Hi ----- I live in Palm springs Ca. I needed to know where would be the nearest cname- train station where i can get on to Monterey Ca. or near there. Can you help?
Hi Julia, my daughter missed her train this morning from Lynchburg VA to Alexandra VA. Her reservation Number is ------. Is there anyway I can change her ticket for tomorrow morning November 7th.
Hello, I was a passenger on the cname- going from saint Louis to chicago. I lost my phone and I was wondering if your staff has recovered it. It's a cracked black iphone 6. Please contact me asap.
hello. -----, i just tried to buy tickets. But, I am not sure if it is successful or not
hi -----, I just bought a ticket and I would like to switch it out for an Acela ticket. Is this possible?
Hi ----- do you have a Train that runs from San Diego to Everett Washington or does it just go to Seattle Wa
hi -----.... i would like to make an alteration to my ticket reservation
Hi -----, I am trying to travel from LA, CA to SF, CA by train. Is there a direct train route?
----- how do I create a round trip ticket by paying partial cash and rewards points?
Hi -----.i was just wondering if i could change my deaprt place
hi ----- - i'd like to purchase rt bus class tickets from los angeles to s
Hi ----- I have a ticket on file that i s paid and I have not used yet it was for a cabin but if not avail help check another day my name Is --------------
Hi, I am interested in booking a trip from dunsmuir to san luis obispo, but when i try to book online, I don't see business class available
Hi! My daughter is taking the cname- train from Columbia South Carolina to Jacksonville Florida. Can you tell me where the station is located in Jacksonville Florida?
Hello my name is --- I would like to know how long does it take from Eugean OR. to Lancaster CA
Hi. I am trying to book travel between Rochester Ny and Columbus, Ohio. Is there such service?.
Hi ----! just want to know how much many bags I can checked in since I am flying an international flights.
Hello, I am trying to find out if I have a mileage plan card, how do I found out?
Hi i need to change my PIN, I do not know my pin #
Hi Can we book this flight without a passport expiration date? One of my group is out of touch till Sunday Jan 27 At that time I can get it from him and pass it along to you.
Hello I am trying to book tickets from WASshington Dulles or Reagan National to Austin for January 2nd and with return on January 4th. My grand mother died yesterday in Austin.
----, I need to change my flight. My confirmation # is ------. I could not use the flight on 17May 2012 and like to use the same mileage for a flight on 25 March 2013. I did your process on line, but
Hi, I heard that there will be a direct fly from Houston, Texas to Beijing, China starting from this July. Is that true?
Hi, My daughter is scheduled to fly from Tokyo (NRT) to Los Angeles (LAX) on Flight #33 on MOnday. I went online and it said Flight #33 is cancelled for Saturday, Sunday, and Monday. Could this be c
Hi, ----. My US Passport will be expired on 11/20/2013. I plan to travel to Taipei, Taiwan on 5/17 and return back to US on 6/6. I am not sure whether or not I should renew my US passport, or not.
HI ---- I BOUGHT THE INS IN THE EVENT I HAVE TO CANCEL MY FLIGHT HOW DOES THAT WORK THANKS -----
hi I'm an active military memeber and was wondering what ur baggage policy is. I've heard that showing ur active Id you can have as many bags as you need to carry ur stuff home with out the additional
Hello???? Did you get the message I sent you about my e-mail address?????
"Hi ----, I received a voucher """"please accept our apology"""" and when I went to the appreciation page, and filled out the form, it said sorry but we can't process your request now, much more frustrastin"
Hello, my flight was recently cancelled. Due to the inconvenience, will cname- provide any compensation?
Hi ----, I am leaving on ------ flight back to Melb tomorrow at 6.06 from Boston. Booking no. ######. 2 of the names are wrong....that is, the ticketed name in blue does not match up
hi - traveling to china from US - my wife wants to bring back a set of kitchen knives as a gift - can those be checked through?
hi, my ########. need to fly outon 20jan from del rather than 23jan. is it possible/
Hi ---- I lost my passport, so how can I cancel my flight?
Hi ----. I have lost my CA Drivers License. I have flight out of LAX on Wed Jan 2nd. What other forms of ID will be accepted?
hi ---- needed to confirm if my fly is reserved? i did not received any confirmation
Hello, I was wondering the cost of changing my flights to a different day When viewing my current flight reservation, I can change the flight on the same day for $75/person. Is it possible to change
Hi - I'm trying to verify that we are allowed to check 2 bags (up to 50 lbs each) and one exception item (like a guitar.) This is for our flight tomorrow shown as Conf. #------.
Hello, I am booked on Flights ----- on the 4th Feb 2013 and the Rtn flight ----- on the 11th Feb. booking ref. ------. I have a question regarding the meals provided on the flights. I have been diagn
Hi ----, I used to have an old cname- Mileage ########### and currently have The old One pass with cname------ when I enter the number its coming up with my cname------ and is not letting me merge?
Hello, I have a problem with seating on flight ----- to IAD on 5 Jan 2013. All Economy seats are fully booked. I am a Premier Silver Member - Can I be allocated an Economy-Plus seat now? --------
----, the mileage for my flight on Tuesday Nov. 20, 2012 has not reflected on my mileage plan account. How do I get this to reflect?
Hi, I recently got a Mileageplan Explorer VISA credit card and I heard that when I book my next flight, which I would like to do online now, that I would get some credit for this flight
Hi ----, I just became a member. I booked a flight that doesn't take off until March 8th and I did it through Bank of America. Is it still possible for me to print my boarding pass on here?
Hi ----.30000 bonus miles do I have to spend only for cname- Airlines ticket or for any merchandise ,like reward program online?
hi ----, my son is coming from LaX on cname- suppose to arrive to seatac at 11am but his plane got diverted to pasco, wa. What are normal plans in this siutiona/\\\\\
Hi, for infant ticket, do I have to book it over the phone?
Hi ----, i didn't get a confirmation email fro a flight I booked. Am I on a flight out of Aspen, colorado to Denver at 11:40 or so? My name is ------- -----. Thanks.
Hello. One of my Mileage plan 1K luggage tags got lost in airport security handling. How do I order a replacement pair of tags?
Hello ---- I just have a quick question about a carry on. I was wondering if I would be able to take Remote controlled car I got for Christmas on the plane in my carry on bag. I'm just afraid it will
Hello. Would you please tell me if there are individual televisions on flight --1143?
Hello I nned to change a ticket an it says ot can't find it
hello I want to select my seats but don't know how to find my flight
Hi , I'm trying to find out how many miles I currently Have under my account number ########
hello, i want to know what is the maximium weight in kilos that i can carry in my bags
Hi me and my wife are going from dsm to bro tomorrow leaving at 6am in Houston we only have a 30min change time do we have to change concourses Thanks -----
Hi. I've tried to pay with 2 different credit cards and it's not working
Good Morning ----, I have a frequent flyer number, but cannot locate it. In October of 2011, I used a portion of a ticket I had purchased to Boston to fly to San Francisco at the last minute instead
Hi just make a purches of 2 tickets from fortlauderdale to charlotte north carolina,please check if went to the system, my computer have aproblem please call me at ###-###-#### thankyou
hi i have flight --653 on april 28 leaving OMA to LAX what terminal will it be landing in LAX?
Hello, I just booked 4 flights, but was not able to select seats. How can I do that?
---- can I book a flight or reserve a flight now then pay for it within 24-48 hours to hold the price?
Hi, I just took cname- aireline, but I don't see my mileagemiles are deposited
Hi I have traveled from Newark NJ to Chennai India on Lufthansa on Jan 21st, and the mileage has not not added to my account, how do I go about adding my mileage to this account?
Hello, Could I check in a box for my flight or it has to be some sort of luggage?
Hi How much is the FareLock cost for flight from GRR to RSW 2/23/13 --4716 at 7:00am?
Hello, Are residences of Canada allowed to appy for the cname- MIlage plan Explorer card
hi i will like to know how can i access the credit that i have in my account
hello, i am trying to find the contact number for San francisco baggage claim
Hi I just noticed my birthdate is wrong on my account can I change it using my passport.
Hello i have a question to get discounts for tickets how can you get them ?
Hi. My name is -------------- and I am flying from LAX to YYZ tomorrow evening. I would like to add my baby as a lapchild to my itinerary
---- we need confirn our flight and i dont know the confirmation number
----, Why is mileage plan not showing over in premier qualifying section
Hi, When I clicked on the link from cname- to look at my reservation I got this message:
Hi - I thought w gold status I could check-in 48 hours in advance?
Hi. My flight tomorrow was cancelled for undisclosed reasons--why am I being charged to change my flight?
Hi, I am ------- ------, my mileage number is ############. Kindly check my points. I went home to the Philippines last Christmas. Kindly check if there are some additional points in my mileage. Thank
Hi ----. How come I don't see any balance on my account?
Hi. I did not receive my new Premier Silver Mileage plan card yet, when will I receive it. I know others in my family and friends already received their cards in the mail. My Mileage plan number is: J
"Hi. I am just about to buy a ticket that leaves on May 2nd. I checked the little """"insurance"""" bubble that costs about 20 dollars more. Up to what date would this allow me to cancel my ticket and reciev"
Hi I am having a destination wedding and I have to bring my wedding dress onto the plane. I was wondering if there are any special accommodations that you offer?
My name is -------------. I recently changed my flight and was charged twice ($150.00 each) for a change penalty. My reservation number is ------
Hi ----, I already have an account and I accidently signed up and rec'd a new account! I am trying to redeen miles for flights.
hi, I have a question, can I buy a tix using my mileage point, and another tix for my 10-yr old kid separately using cash?
Hello. I applied for and was approved for the cname- Milageplan Explorer Card. I am still waiting for the card in the mail. However, I would like to use the card to purchase tickets.
Hello, I wonder if there are flights from Dublin, Irelanda to Brussels on miles?
Hello, Is flight from Mumbai number 49 is leaving on time today?
Hi ---- - How do I pay my baggage fee online rather than at the airport/
Hello. Is it possible to get on standby tomorrow, but to do it today?
Hello Happy New, How do I change my security question, because I forgot my password
hi, i see that on the ticket information my corporate travel office has run my first name and my last name together... -------- instead of ---------. is that going to be a problem.
Hi, Could you please let me know the status of ------ flight ##### from Tokyo, Japan to San Jose, California, scheduled to depart Tokyo on January 19 and arrive in San Jose on January 19? Has it been
Hello, good afternoon. I would like to slit the cost of the ticket to pay it with 2 credit card
Hello, I have a flight this afternoon and the website is not allowing me to check-in. Confirmation # ------ Last name: --------
Hi. I am trying to find a nonstop flight for two adults, first class, from Tucson to Houston on either Tuesday 2/5 or Wednesday 2/6. I see one seat in first on Wednesday, are all the other seats in f
----, I need to cancel my flights (Jan 18 (HNL to SFO) and Jan 25 (SFO to HNL) - I used my mileage plan miles - tried on-line to cancel, but recd error code.
Hi, am I able to pick my seats for a flight booked through Air Canada
HI excume i have my passenger receipt, but i dont know which is the specific number confirmation, because i need to change my passage day
Hi ---- I would like to know an info. I am planning to go to Europe, I am thinking of booking a flight from Newark to DUS (Germnay) with a stop in Milan. What happend if I might get off in Milan? Can
Hi, I'm trying to check in for tomorrow's flight, but the confirmation number doesn't seem to work.
Hi ----, I booked a flight ticket and misspelled my name. How can I edit it?
Hi, my name is --- I have a question . Is there a free meal for this flight?
"Hello ----, I am trying to access my account and have forgotten my password. Clicking on the """"forgot password"""" icon, i filled in the required flyer # along with my name. A response came back and sai"
Hi ---- Tomorrow i will take a palane to Fargo ND i will travelin wtith Spain Pasport , in sepetember i paid the ESTA
Hi..I have a one pass miles that I never used and how do i go about seeing if I can use these miles for a free ticket to florida?
Hi ---- I am traveling to Guatemala City and want to know the baggage policy from New york to Guatemala
Hi- I am planning a trip to Anchorage from West Palm Beach, specifically to see the Iditarod. The flight I wish to take the following three legs (see flight schedule below). Two of the three legs are
Hi,I just book my ticket and the system got a wrong travelers' name
Hi, I was wondering if there was a phone number where I can speak to an agent- I cannot seem to find it under the Contact Info.
Hello, I want to book the flight in july or aug, but in case if I can not fly at that time for some reason, will i get 100% refund(i pay with mileage)
Hello, I left something on the plane fight # ## from Madrid to Newark yesterday Saturday 11... The aircraft came to terminal B... If there a number I can call for lst & found regarding this flight
Hi ----! On my iPad trying to pick seats, can't do it...no seat gets selected
Hi there, I received an email offer on Millage plan explorer visa card saying that 30,000 points if I spend 1000 in the first 3 months with first year annual fee $0. Now on your web side, there is a
Hello, I was wondering how much it would cost to change my wife and I tickets to a different date?
Hi ----, I am trying to donate miles but the link does not open - is there a problem?
----, I need a phone number to customer service. I would like to speak to a live person
Hello, good morning. Our friends booked us on a cname- Flght through Expedia last night, but we found on your web site a better price for the same flight. Our we able to change it?
Hi ----, How can I pay the second checked bag fees when I book the ticket.
my mielage plan is ###########. I am having a hard tim eaccessing my info
Hi, I have a letter to send with some feedback and request to speak to a supervisor, what email address would I send this to?
Hi ---- I am not sure how many more days I'll be down with the flu so difficult to slect flight at this time.
Hi, How long is the required check in time for a flight at 1:40 p.m. from San Francisco to Hong Kong?
hi. i'm on the waitlist for a flight. when will i find out if my flight changes?
Hi, ---- ,can I take dried cooked sea food onto a international flight?
Hi, is there an email address for Baggage Resolution Service Center as I cant get through on the fax number
Hi, my wife is travelling tonight from Brazil to Indianapolis, and needs weelchair assistance, how can I have that set for her ?
Hi, Back in Nov 2012 confirmation #------- 3 person flew to Coasta Rica and we had to switch from San JOSE to Liberia and I rec'd $300 ... $100 per person ... I suppose to receive voucher per person f
Hi, I just need to change my birth year in my account information (husband got it wrong). The info is for only changing name.
hello i am a mileage plan explorer card holder can i get a upgrade seat?
hi, i'm trying to figure out my mileage plan number- but it seems the number i have isn't working and I can't get the online form to work
hello - my mailing address is not being accepted as valid - can you help? it has been valid now for 4 years...
Hi ----, how can I access my earned mileages for the whole year of 2012? Thanks!
Hi...My cname- frequent flyer number is...########### Can I use any of my miles to reduce the cost of this reservation?
hi! My father will travel alone on Feb. 2. His reservation number is ------. I want to double check that we have reserved the wheel chair service for him. Thanks.
Hello, We heve a fligt from Brussels to Memphis and back from Miami to Brussels? Is it possible to change te rerourflight changed so that we cant return from Memphis. Our nam: -------------------..
Hi - I have a a flight booked through US airways. How will my miles earned transfer to my cname- Mileague Plus account?
HI there, My name is ----------- and I have a flight this afternoon from SFO to MSY. I am not able to find my confirmation number (printout of my itinerary) and flight information for my flight out
Good morning would the mileage plan numbers be the same as we had when it was cname------?
Hi, I'm trying to select my seat and cannot select mine. I can select one for my husband but, not for myself. Did I miss a question on the Mileageplan enrollement? We only want aisle seats across
Hi, I received a customer appreciation certificate in November 2012 for $100. I attempted to use it last night and it didn't work. the number is ################## Can you please advise what th
Hi ----. How do I request miles on cname- Mileage plan for a US Airways flight? I have the ticket number and confirmation numbers.
Hi, If I use my credit card points to buy a flight on cname-, how do i upgrade the seats to economy plus?
Dear cname-, I have made reservation and cancelled that reservation (Confirmation Nr: ------ ) and ourchased another ticket and paid with my Credit Card. How can I get refund for the un-us
Hey ---- - I have a res for Thurs Jan 3rd from FLL to LAX. # passangers ------ is the sir name. -------------------. I never recived an email with my flight info.
Hi ----, I already have an account and I accidently signed up and rec'd a new account! I am trying to redeen miles for flights.
hi, how much does it cost per person per leg of a flight to check in a snowboard bag? i am looking at ord to den flights.
HI ----, I'm ready to book our flights from New Orleans (thru Houston) on May 6th at 3:15 p.m. and I don't see where I can click to purchase. The seats available are reserved for Premiere passsengers
hi ---- i just booked my flight and i have received a email but im not sure if it went through or not, i cant go to the web site and see my itinerary
Hi I was booked on a flight to Liberia, Costa Rica on Sept 6th, 2012. Flight ####. There was an earthquake the day before and our flight was cancled. I would like to use the credit for this flight t
Hello. I have just submitted a booking request. I am the 'receiver' (paying for the flight) and want to make sure I will be the one contacted.
----, I will be treveling 2/12/13, gum to sfo, using mileage plan ticket. can i upgrade using mileage plan as payment. If yes, plse. advice how.
---- im a canpanion pass flyer I find a flight to bolonga italy from charlotte nc on the cname- airline site but not on the campanion pass user employee login site
Hi there, I have been traveling from SFO to Taiwan on Eva Air - once in Nov'12 and another trip just last week. I have been using my -- mileage plan number for both trips.
Hi ----, we've missed our flight because we can't find a driver's liscence, what can we do?
Hi there, my ticket number is ###############. I would like to possibly change my seat, however, I require a confirmation number. May I please have this.
Good Morning, I have a general question about baggage, we are flying into Abaco in a few weeks and was wondering if we bring down Frozen vacuum packs of meat in a softside cooler , do we need to check
Hi ---- - I am going from Seattle, WA to San Jose, Costa Rica on April 15, 2013 and returning April 24, 2013. My friends made reservations yesterday on cname- departing flight 1129 through Houston (f
hi, i have two charges on my credit card from cname- i should not have. who should i call?
hi ---- I need help getting past flights on my mileage plan account we just established
Hi ----, My husband and I are planning a trip to Napa Valley in May and we already have our tickets (confirmation #------. Eticket ##############. Something has come up and I need to go to Seattle
Hi ----, my status in my Mileage plan account says I am Premier Silver. I used points at the end of 2012 from my account to maintain Premier Gold status. Can you please let me know what I can do to co
Hello? No mileage credit for our flight IAD-Budapest on September 7 and 8, 2012. cname- just says Austrian doesn?t want to do it and we bought our tickets through cname-!!!
----, I reserved 4 tickets round trip going to Seattle, 2 tickets are refunded and the 2 was not. 2 tickets amount of each $141.80 was credited to my credit card.
hello, what is the phone number i can call regarding a flight experience
Hi, ----, I am travel to france from the us in a fe weeks. ive never been outof the country. i hear i can exchange us cash to euros at my local airport. is this correct?
hlo, I'm trying to exchange my paper certificate with electronic travel certificate
Hi I'm an employee with another airline and I wanted to list myself on a flight is there a number I can call to faster expedite the process?
Hi I have a code from a flight that was delayed over night. They told me to go on here and give the code in order to receive a voucher but I'm unsure of where to go
Hello: Trying to plan a vacation from Austin to Hololulu in March. Can you assist with packaging the airfare with a stay at the Grand Waikikian Suites? I did not see this one listed as an option.
Hi ----, my father tried using his 35K miles while speaking with representative on phone, however they told him there would be no fees if we booked online. However every time i try to book online from
Hi, I made a mistake in spelling of the name on my reservation. How to fix that?
Hi My sister and I are in boston at the moment and our return flight to ireland is on tuesday but my brother is very sick with Pneumonia. Would it be possible to change our flight home?
Hi How much is the FareLock cost for flight from GRR to RSW 2/23/13 --4716 at 7:00am?
Hi ---- - How do I pay my baggage fee online rather than at the airport/
hi i bought a ticked and i just want to confirm it.
Hello My flight was delayed for 4 hours yesterday from LAX to SFO ? How can I request for the compensation for delay, if any. Thank you. ---
Hi ---- I will be connecting from Newcastle in England on Ba to -- for the USA at Hearthrow what temenal do we use -----
Hi ----, I would like to upgrade my flight tomorrow from DEN to LGA
Hi, My mother is the second traveler but she is 84 years old and the traveler information will not accept her birth date.
---- - I am a 1K member and for the last two years I have not gotten my 1K packet at the start of the year. No packet again this year and I am in Europe without a current 1K card. Why???
Hi, My name is ---------------- and I am writing because I cannot complete the form on your website to request mileage credit for a cname-/COPA flight completed on January 10, 2013. Both these compa
Hi ----, I have a PIN for a travel voucher. How do I use this when making a booking?
----, when does my status change every year for mileage plan, dec. 31 or jan.31
Hi I have star alliance miles with USairways and would like to use them by do not have log on with cname-
Hello. My question is for 2 of our connecting flights we do not have assigned seats. I was just wondering what that means. Will we just get seat assignments upon check in or do we not have seats?
Hi ----, I've been attempting to purchase 2 tickets on for a flight to Washington DC. Your system is not letting me select seats. Can you help?
hello, for my ticket reschedling, may i come to your local office in southern calfornia please?
Hello ----- I bought two round trip tickets to attend my mother
---- I booked the two tickets for for 804 but when l looked at my pay pay bill -it showed a cost of $1198- I bought no insurance can you tell me why this is?
Hi ----, I just booked my flight and we will be traveling with an infant but i did not see anywhere I could click infant in lap?
----, Wha Y doesn't cname- have a provision to compensate the military in times of unexpected deployments? I purchased a ticket and am being told I can use the ticket later but will have to pay $150
Hello, I don't travel with cname- that often to know my mileage plan number or password. My email says -------- but I'm entering my usual passwords but none of them are correct. I know that I did my a
hi, i wasn't aware of the four hour reporting policy, is there a way to submit damage luggage claim?
hello I want to create a user name my wife set up the account and she have her own user name
Good Morning. Would you please tell me what is going on with our account? This is set up for auto pay and now I see that the Oct payment was not taken. Thanks,
hi I wnt to pay something on my bill & make payment arrangement on the rest.
Hello, when I return the modem, is it ok to return to any location?
Hello my name is ------------------. I stopped my account, but you have not not send my check yet.
Hello. I have a bundle that includes telephone service however, the technician did not leave me with information stating my telephone number. Can you uplease let me what my phone number is?
Hi! We were told we could receive a check for early cancellation with our current provider for switching to cname--. Where do I do this?
good afternoon How do i change my tv service? I am paying alot and want to reduce what I am getting
hello I just made a payment to you for 134.11 online with my checking
Hi, I'm looking at your business phone products. Do I need to buy VOIP phone system?
I called last week my mac address was not working to access my account this is very painful. My name is --------------------------------------------------.
Hello, My cname-- internet cost just went up after 1 year. Are there any deals for fixed income seniors
Hi. I was told that I would receive a credit on my first bill and it doesn't appear to be on it. Is there any way to check on this?
hi, my first name is spelled wrong on my account. how do I change this
Hi My name id ---- -I live in the --------------------- in -------------, My address is -------------------------------------------. -Your company has installed a temporary line through mine and my ne
Hello, I am out of town and my wife is experiencing very slow internet. I ran a speed test and we're showing 7 MBPS. We hvae pname--- internet. what can i do?
Hello. Currently reside in a location that offers 20 channels without charge. While I have Internet I am unable to access the cable via my television. Can you assist?
"Hi, we are tryingn to set up showtime anytime but it will not let us because the ""primary account holder"" has to set it up first. I have no idea what that means. We are putting in our account user i"
Hello my service was interrupted but I can't pay the bill until Friday, I was wondering if there was any way to watch the basic cable channels until we are able to pay the bill.
Hi, I understand my bill is past due. Do I at least have until tomorrow to pay it? Thanks!
Hi, thank you, I am having trouble logging in with my home phone number and service address zip code. I need help logging in to my account. Can you help me?
Hi I cannot access my account can you help me with that
hello ~ I don't remember out user name or password but the system won't let me reset. Please let me know what I need to do. Thanks
Hello, I was wondering what channels are available with my current package
good morning, since I updated my user name as it asked I can no longer access my bill to pay
Hi My Cable wont turn on and their are 4 blue dashses where the time is
Help, I am a new account, and am having trouble signing in
Hi there. Is there a way to block a number from calling me?
hello I have a order for tomorrow afternoon at 1 was wondering if i can change the order
Hello, my bill that I received in my e-mail says that payment is due on the 9th, but my auto pay is scheduled for the 10th, should I make a one time payment to avoid late fees?
Hi . A friend told me that the cname-- Office in ----------------------------- is closing. Is this true? I have to return my internet modem next Wednesday (Nov 18)
hi there i am a past customer i disconnected my service in october of this year is it possible for you to email me my bill records for this year my account was ################ under ##########
Hi my name is ----------- I was wondering if I have to put money down before they come out to connect my cable
Hi - I'm curious as to why my bill seems to go up $10 a month.
hello my bill is due the 17th but i was just wondering if its okay if i pay it on the 20th when i get paid ?
hi, I just got cable and internet installed yesterday and I opted to get my own wireless router. I need to know what to purchase. not sure of what internet speed I have. m.y number is ##########
hello, i live at -------------------------------------. can you tell me if there is a problem with cable? it keeps freezing or going out completely
hi, we just switched from uverse to cname----can we not watch our recorded shows on non DVR tv's?????
Hello...I am not able to connect to my email. Is there some kind of problem going on?
Good morning! I have a past due balance on my account of $ 103.00. Can I pay it tomorrow without having service interruption?
hi i need to talk to some one about my internet speed problem
hello. I selected a package along with some other options and it gave me a total of $183.00 ( included installation,etc.) is that my first months bill ?
good morning. i need to make a payment but all i have is a ax card
Good Morning im paying someone's bill for them can you just pay by phone #?
Hello I have an appointment for tomorrow from 1-2 to set up new Internet and I need change it to Friday
Hi. I have been told by some of my friends that they are getting spam that looks like it is coming from my cname--.net account. What can i do?
HI I need to access the foxsport and watch the world series .. Help
Hi, I think I need to make some changes in my cable bill because the payment just went way up and I don't think I can pay that extra $40/mo!
hi ,my tv to my bedroom cable not working , may you resend signal .thanks
Hi. I would like to watch a TV show that was on last night. Can I do that online?
Hello, my Internet service was installed yesterday, but I don't know how to log into my account.
Hello. Hope you're having a great evening. I just turned on my TV to relax for the evening and unfortunately my cname-- app for my Roku box isn't work. Error M103 is what it says on the TV
Hello, I would like to cancel my cable service and keep my internet
Hello. My Total Balance is almost $4 more than the total due on my statement. Is there a fee for paying online?
hello, my account shows the bill of 59.99 instead of 39.99, why that happen? thanks!
Hi, may I ask you a question? My bill is 29.99/mo for internet only. This time it did increase 50%. Why and how is it possible? Thanks
Hi, I have a concern. When I signed up with you all my bill for internet was $29.99. Once that special price ended, it went up to $44.99 where it remained. But now it's up to $59.99 and I have receive
Hi.. I have placed an order an hour ago and received an email for acceptance of terms.. When I tried to open it says the link is expired
Hello, after running netstat at the command line, I observed over 90 connections to my computer. What should I do?
hi I can't seem to access my email with cname--. I was a customer for many years but have since moved away
HI! we received a new HD box today. Followed the instructions on the paper and the phone call. We still have no picture on the tv.
hi i signed up for auto pay it still hasent taken out the pmt ?
Hi we were suposed to get a $25 credit because outr installer was late and i don't see it on my bill??
"Hi i was wondering why my cable is off? I was watching tv and all of the sudden it froze and now says ""one moment please"""
good morning. Am I to pay the balance of 72.94 or 137.03?
Hi. Our debit card was replaced, so 'autopay' stopped working. how do I update my card on 'autopay'? Cancel and restart?
Hello I have cable phone service. Had to disconnect the modem and when I reconnected the phone line is dead.
hello, i want to know if service is available in my area
Hello I'm having problem with cname-- reciever box. It automatically reset the time and doesn't change everytime. So I reset the box and still doesn't work
Hello. I tried to move an important e-mail from my junk folder to my inbox in outlook, and it is nowhere to be found. Is it possible to get it back somehow?
hello, i had a question regarding my bill. Can you help me with that?
Hi I am trying to set up mobile email on my new android phone and i keep getting an error message authentication failed
Hello. I have a bundle that includes telephone service however, the technician did not leave me with information stating my telephone number. Can you uplease let me what my phone number is?
hi, I would like to make a payment on 11-13-2015 of the past due 146.52
hi i am having a hard time locating my account at my new address
Hi. I wanted to find out how much longer my internet service would out.
Hello, my TV is not displaying channels properly. I have reset my equipment and it did not help. I do not think any cords are lose in the back
HI, How do I download shows to my device to watch them later?
