Just to set the scene... I have a fairly tall husband who likes to complain on long flights when his legs are hurting him. In the past we have been lucky in getting the seat next to the exits with the extra legroom on scheduled flights on a few occasions. I recall getting these seats when we asked politely at the check in desk. Ideally, we would love to get these seats when we travel to Bangkok (economy) - although I know there is no guarantee and after reading posts they can be allocated to passengers with 'elite' status etc I believe these seats are only assigned by the airport check in staff on the day (or at least this is what I thought I read on the Emirates website). We have selected the next best seats for us through the online booking manager system. My question is therefore this - if we check in online, will this mean we automatically won't be able to get the seats with the extra legroom?
I am flying from Luton to Dalaman (Turkey) next week with Monarch and am wondering whether or not to bother with online check-in. We already have allocated seats, so as far as I can see the only extra thing that online check-in offers is that you don't have to have your boarding pass printed at the check-in desk. Things that are putting me off are: (1) I've noticed over the past couple of years that because now most people are checking in online, the queues for the online check-in desks are often actually longer than the queues for people who haven't checked in online (2) Last year we had a 12 hour flight delay - the original plane had a problem and the airline then split passengers into two groups and people who had NOT checked in online were flown out on a much earlier plane than those who had checked in online - goodness knows why.
Need some suggestions for how to keep my 5yo son entertained on United flight from SYD-SFO. I knew United did not have seat back TVs or a decent AVOD system so need some suggestions to keep my boy entertained. He will sleep for some of the flight as it leaves Sydney at 4pm. I was thinking of buying a portable DVD but battery life will get me 2 movies maximum. Same battery life problem if i was to get Ipod touch or even with laptop. So what other suggestions do you have for me?
"Hi, Last month I booked a ticket for my wife and I to Las Vegas travelling on US Airways from Israel to LV. My passport is US, and hers is Israeli. I booked her ticket under the name shown on her Passport and Visa, we'll use Jane Doe. Her ticket is also booked under Jane Doe. However, shortly after booking the ticket she told me that she had her named in her passport to Jane Doe *my last name*. So her ticket is booked under Jane Doe. Her Passport says ""Jane Doe"" Her Visa says ""Jane Doe"" But when they turn to the next page, they'll see a ""Change of Name"" sticker reflecting the legal change to ""Jane Doe + my last name"". My question is, will she still be allowed to fly and/or should we expect major problems during our trip over this?"
"So my husband recently made MM Gold with American. Totally out of the blue (but in full disclosure, he was Gold with AA for the last many years he worked, so we are no strangers to the front yard). But Speedbird recently linked me to an AA wikie, which linked to the Flyertalk forum, where I read about XPlats not getting upgraded on certain routes. Plus we were on a direct which was only going to be 5 stickers instead of the usual 7 for that connecting routing...so we figured we had no chance. Checking the website the night before (well within our 24 hr. window...still nothing). But when we got to the airport the next day and I was at the kiosk, the first thing that caught my eye was ""TWO MEALS"" - yeah baby, we've hit the big time, LOL. Yes, it was only on a direct MD-80 = but it was still cool. Loved the nuts, the free food, the chocolate chip cookies. Won't get anymore free stickers until we fly 10,000 (which will definitely happen this year), but yeah, it was sure nice. I'm almost happy I figured we had no chance because it was such a nice surprise."
We are looking to book LGW to CLT soon. We have flown US Airways to JAX several times recently which involved a change at CLT. Currently the fare to CLT is some $100 more than the fare to JAX, using the same flight to CLT. Crazy or what? Anyone know why the shorter trip is more expensive? Looks like Delta instead.
Hi there Can anyone advise on Finnair's in flight entertainment. Mainly would like to know if they have personal and if so, how is the choice of movies avaialble. Looks like the planes are 747-400 & A330. The route is SYD to BKK to HEL to VIE and vice versa. Many thanks
My Christmas gift to my parents is that I'm flying them from the US to Germany to visit me this summer. However, I'm not quite sure how to buy travel insurance to cover trip cancellation for the plane tickets which are quite expensive now due to rising fuel costs. Would I buy trip insurance from Germany? Or would they buy trip insurance from the US? Also I've yet to hear any good stories about any travel insurance company so any personal experiences would be much appreciated. Thank you!
"A Qantas Boeing 747 traveling from London ""lost power from all four of its main generators 15 minutes away from Bangkok, and the pilot was forced to switch to battery back-up for the landing,"" The Sydney Morning Herald reports. The Australian newspaper says the Monday incident ""is set to prompt a worldwide alert to Boeing 747 operators after the problem was traced to a cracked drip tray under the first-class galley."" In a story from this morning, the Morning Herald says ""water from the blocked drain collected in a drip tray under the floor. A crack in the drip tray caused the water to leak into electrical wiring. Each of the plane's four engines has its own generator, but the water shorted out the aircraft's power supply."" David Cox, Qantas' executive general manager responsible for engineering, tells The Australian ""it was just like tipping a glass of water into your stereo."" Dr. Arvind Sinha, director of aerospace at RMIT University in Melbourne, explains to the Morning Herald that ""the engines have their own independent power source and the steering is operated by a hydraulic pump system, but the critical issues are the navigation and communication systems that you need to find your way to a runway to land."" Colin Adams of the Australian and International Pilot's Association says the Qantas crew and passengers were ""lucky"" that the plane was not far out over open water when the incident occurred, according to the London Daily Mail. ""In that situation you have a minimum of 30 minutes before you lose power to the flight instruments,"" Adams tells the Morning Herald. ""After that the only idea that you have of airspeed and where you are in relation to what's around you is what you can see out of the window. There is no written procedure for what happens in that situation -- it's the pilot and his wits. If you were a long way from an airfield at night it would be an extremely hazardous situation. If you were in cloud you would not know where the ground was and you could end up in an extremely dangerous situation."" The 747-400 is now back in service for Qantas, according to The Associated Press. ""As a precaution, Qantas has inspected its entire B747-400 fleet and all of these aircraft have been cleared to fly,"" Qantas executive John Borghetti tells The Telegraph of London. Posted at 09:09 AM/ET, Jan 10, 2008 in International carriers, USAToday"
I recently returned from 3 weeks in Europe after flying with BA a few times and just wanted to share my experiences I had with the airline. ---- from YVR to LHR: Departed on time, arrived at LHR 20 minutes early. I paid about $100 extra for an exit row seat (28J) and couldn't recommend this more. The seat is located in the first row in Economy, right behind Club World. After takeoff, they close the curtain and due to there being no toilets here, there's no one walking around to disturb you. My seat was right beside the door which kind of protrudes out. This was used as my leg rest for the entire duration of the flight. If you can't afford Premium Economy, this is a really great option. Dinner was a choice of pasta (with feta and tomatoes) or chicken (with rice and veggies). I had the pasta which was actually quite tasty - by no means a five star meal, but not bad for plane food. The chocolate dessert was delicious. After dinner service, lights went out and it was time to sleep. A word of warning - it's extremely cold by the exits. I had a blanket and jacket but I was still shivering throughout the entire flight. In hindsight, I'm not sure why I didn't ask for an extra blanket - I must have been delirious with sleep... Breakfast is served about an hour before landing. It consisted of a fruit muffin, yogurt, and a box of raisins (?!). Not very filling, but oh well. IFE was average - I only watched one movie before going to sleep. The new releases were nothing to get excited about, so it may be wise to bring your own entertainment. BA85 from LHR to YVR: My experience on this flight was similar to the above, except this time I had seat 29K. This is also an exit row seat but in the second row of economy with a missing seat in front which allows you to enter the aisle by walking in front (and not over your seat mates). It was a good seat but not as good as any of the exit row seats in row 28 which just feel more spacious. This flight departed a bit late and arrived 45 minutes late at YVR. I also flew from LHR to BCN (BA486), and AMS to LHR (BA435) on their smaller planes. Both plane interiors looked brand spanking new. I managed to score exit row seats on both these fights as well which was a nice bonus even though the flights were quite short in duration. There's no IFE but they do serve a small snack and free drinks on both flights. I don't know what the snacks were as I declined them on both flights. Overall, a very good experience with BA. They're definitely my airline of choice when flying to, from, and within Europe, especially if I can get an exit row seat on the international flights. Edited: 11:28 pm, July 13, 2015
I am trying to fly from YWG (Winnipeg) to Delhi in August and recently discovered that there is a direct flight from YYZ (Toronto) by Air India everyday that would get us into Delhi before 15:00h., which is awesome! I would love to take 2 flights instead of the 3 flights I thought we would have to take (YWG-YYZ- somewhere in Europe - DEL). The problem is the Air India flight NEVER shows up on ANY online search engine travel site like expedia, travelocity etc etc etc.....why not???i don't get it? is the only way i can book this is to go to a travel agent?? Jo
We're travelling on a family holiday to the US in three weeks and I have only just realised that as someone born in the US I must enter on a valid US passport. (last time 6 years ago, I was advised to take both but travel on my UK one and was never asked for my US one) I've submitted an application for renewal of my very lapsed US passport today but it's clear that there is very little chance of it arriving in time. Has anyone had any experience of this situation and am I likely to be able to get an emergency passport to travel? The Embassy can't tell me this and have advised I wait until 3 days before travel before even contacting their emergency line. I'm despairing and we're all frantic!
Dear Air France and fellow passengers, I write here today to explain to anyone considering flying with Air France to reconsider. The service I have received by them in the last 24h has been absolutely appalling. After a cancelled flight I was made to wait for almost 4 hours to be attended, at which time any options for rebooking has already left or were full. Hence my morning meeting on 23/11 will be missed, and my prepaid car rental at MIA is lost. I reschedule meetings for 4pm on 23/11 assuming a 12:25 landing. After waking up at 5am I arrive at the airport to find that my 8:30am flight had become a 10:20am flight (no email or courtesy call from AF). So another meeting to reschedule last minute and perhaps lost business. Additionally the upgrade to premium economy I was promised.....no longer the case today! This is the absolute worst treatment by an airline I have ever received and I intent to pursue my rights as a passenger according to EC261/2004 or other applicable regulations to ensure my losses and expenses are reimbursed. Yours sincerely, Bob Vandedrink
"Hello, I am ready to book my flight to Dubai and see that Emirates has a ""Promotional Offer?"" box on its reservation page. Does anyone know how to find out about these offers? Thanks for your help! -----"
I have always read only bad reviews on Alitalia and vowed never to fly them. Now my company has booked me a one way ticket from YYZ toFCO. I have offered to pay the difference to pay for the air canada flight on the same day but just in case - can anyone offer me any positives. It will be economy class Thanks Terry
Hi, As information.. Australian Business Traveler is reporting today that Qantas (QF) will introduce and charge-- AU$20, or the redemption of QF FFP points-- for the ability to pre-reserve seats(outside of the 24hr check-in window) on all international bookings.. Naturally there is the standard list of exempted groups like status FFP's, as well as PE, C/J and F passengers.. Australian Business Traveler: ausbt.com.au/qantas-introduces-20-fee-for-ch… Qantas has now incorporated it into their main page here: qantas.com.au/travel/…en Travel Safe, Edited: 12:45 am, March 30, 2011
Hi all, I was wondering if you have any tips or suggestions with booking airfares over the Christmas holidays. I am wanting to go to Houston, Texas from Sydney, Australia. Departing around the 20th December and returning around the 12th January. Do you know if there will be any sales for this time period or chances of flights dropping in price? Reading forums already posted, I will be sticking to purchasing directly from airline carriers. To many dodgy and expensive travel agencies and third parties out there.
"Always one to reduce costs, Ryanair are implementing cost saving initiatives. With the rising cost of fuel the airline has found ways of reducing the fuel bill by reducing the weight it carries on its flights. They will be shrinking the size of its in-flight magazines from A4 to A5 size, carrying less ice on flights and believe it or not, ""encouraging"" staff to watch their weight - with the motivation of appearing in the annual Ryanair calendar! But Ryanair are only following in the foot steps of other airlines ... In the 1980's, American Airlines claimed that they saved $40,000 by taking out one olive from every salad in first class and more recently, Japanese airline All Nippon Airways started asking passengers to go to the toilet before boarding in a bid to reduce carbon emissions! Without fuel you cannot fly, but I think that's taking things a step too far !"
In North America recently my Air Canada flight to China was cancelled. I was issued with 2 new tickets on other airlines, in the form of Flight Interruption Manifests (FIM). Delta accepted the 1st FIM and flew me from Boston to Los Angeles. There, China Southern refused to accept the 2nd FIM, which would have allowed me to reach my final destination in Guangzhou. I was left stranded in Los Angeles by China Southern. Has anyone else experienced the same difficulty, whether on China Southern or another airline, when their original flight was cancelled?
hiya all im flying back from kuala lumpur via dubai to manchester the first leg to dubai im in economy class but the second leg iv upgraded useing my skywards miles to business class my question is will i be able to use the emirates lounge at dubai airport before my business class flight home thanks ---------
i booked flights Belfast to sydney on jan 4th 2016. I never noticed that I fly from Belfast to gatwick but then have to get to Heathrow for my connecting flight. I have 3hrs and 10 mins between flights to pick up my luggage, make it from gatwick to Heathrow and re check in. Is this do-able?? Any advise would be great Thanks
"Hello all
Hi ! Me and my wife are flying from Stockholm to Cape town via Istanbul and Jo-burg on the 26th of january 2012 and return flight the same route back to Stockholm on the 12 of february 2012. Is it possible to prebook seats. With best regards --------------- / member of Star Alliance
"Hi I fly from Belfast City - Heathrow with BMI, then on to SFO with Continental (flight operated by Virgin Atlantic). I booked the Belfast flight and the SFO flight separately (with BMI and Continental). My question is
"We returned Saturday evening from London via British Airway. Part of our bucket list (things we want to experience before we ""kick the bucket"") was to fly British Airways First Class and/or Business Class. I hope anyone with a love of travel and have traveled for many years squeezed into ""the back"", can have this experience!. All you need to do is save up those Frequent Flyer miles for years and years of loyally flying the Star Alliance airlines in the narrow, crowded seats and keeping a sense of humor knowing you are doing your favorite thing, traveling to far away countries. We will probably never again be able to afford to travel this way, certainly not enough time to collect miles nor save enough money....BUT , the memory of this experience on British Airways will last until the end of our days. In past years when I traveled domestically first class for business with my employer paying the fare , it was NOTHING like this. Airlines, and service have come a long way, Never could I imagine this experience. I remember boarding in the back, under the tail, and walking up the aisle, and using a pillow for a tray....Ahhh, and now sleeping pods, pajamas, slippers, 5 star meals, top shelf spirits and the most polite incredible flight attendants, obviously the creme de la creme.. Now, we two ""mature"" people celebrating our 50th anniversary, know what goes on behind the curtain!. I hope all you lovers of travel can share the experience one day."
Hello! I am travelling from Europe to Rio de Janeiro, and would like to get an advice on the comfort of the Business Class. What would you recommend? - Amsterdam-Rio with KLM Boeing 777-200ER - Frankfurt-Rio with Luifthansa Airbus A340-300 - Paris-Rio with Air France Boeing 747-400 I will be travelling with 2 kids – 3.5 and 1.5 years old. Thanks in advance!
after reading all the negative comments on Iberia, I was dreading the trip we planned . we flew from jfk to venice (madrid stop) and lisbon (madrid stop) to jfk. we left 10/19 and returned last nite 11/01. Let me say that the planes were spacious and clean, food (hard to believe) better than other airlines, and the crew on land and in the air were pleasant and helpful. Do not hesitate to fly Iberia..
I am planning my vacation to Lviv Ukraine. I have to chose between the two airlines. Which one you pick? Will KLM I get points but there is an extra stop in Amsterdam. I have gone on Klm before and like the flight from Toronto to Amsterdam. Austria Airlines come with the tour package.
I have heard that as from 1st november ryanair will start charging you if you use prepaid cards. ( eg Fairfx ) Is there any truth in this ?
Date: Sun, 27 Feb 2011 12:51:29 -0600 13 hours late , the only positive was the polite and professional Frontier counter ticket attendant hit by a wave of frustrated , tired united passengers at 4am at the Denver terminal.. Once in Minneapolis we were told by Delta that we did not have reservations to fly to Fargo , even though the ticket we received did show a flight , we were then told to see a United ticket agent , and that was in a different terminal . Well off i went , unfortunately the first agent i found was on the phone , he proceeded to tell me , by putting his hand on receiver that he will be on the phone for awhile , i then grabbed my TICKETS and proceeded to the next gate , still not knowing whether we had a flight . The next terminal had an agent dealing with a client , 2 other people were standing just behind the gate having an animated conversation , after 10 mins 1 left and went back to original United gate ..The agent was off the phone , looked at my tickets , reprinted them and said YOU DO have reservations for that flight , go see delta . Off i went to delta again , different terminal again , I was again told by Delta we did not have reservations and I need to go back to United !!!!!!!!!!! At this point I was probably I step away from loosing it , the agent then offered me the United PHONE NUMBER !! ..... After some enormous restraint I insisted she call !! She told me to have a seat , finally I i overheard her mention they had marked an HL or something on the ticket or reservation !!! I have no idea what that meant , shortly after she called us up and asked for our identification !!! we received or tickets and proceeded to our gate ... c 9 then c 10 and then f 1 .... We were a party of 4 , 2 of witch are mid 70 senior citizens , in the 13 hours it took , every time we had to bounce from terminal to terminal they went with us , this was very stress full on them , we had originally boarded united in vegas Friday flight 6659 friday ..I have not checked my credit card statement but we had 2 rooms booked for late check in 130 am saturday morning in Fargo ,ND , as Fargo was not our final destination , so i may find i have been charged for these rooms as well . In Denver the night shift gave us hotel voucher , not used and told use to go to www.unitedapprecition.com for additional information .WE WERE OFFERED 50.00 Travel Voucher !!!!!!! signed SLEEPLESS with UNITED
Friend travelling from Manchester to Delhi - Travel agent has booked BA From Manchester to LHR Jet airways LHR to Delhi return. They know they have to change terminals at LHR but will the luggage go straight through? Thanks
Dear Readers I recently (June and July2010) travelled to Europe from Australia with my wife and 3 children aged 16,11 and 9. We visited France, Greece and England. I booked and paid for 3 flights with Easy Jet prior to our departure. The first two flights were uneventful. However our last flight from Athens to London ended up blowing my holiday budget out of the water. We were booked on an Olympic Air flight out of Paros in the Greek Islands a flight that is 20 minutes in length and was scheduled to depart at 16.05pm. Our Easy Jet Connection was due to depart at 19.00 and check in closed at 18.20. Due to the late incoming plane to Paros we did not arrive in at Athens airport until 17.55pm and we were promptly transferred to the terminal by an awaiting bus and were in the terminal at 18.00. I advised my wife and children to go and retrieve the bags and I raced up to the Easy Jet counter to commence check in. By the time I got to the counter it was 18.18pm on my watch and on the clocks in the terminal but there were no Easy Jet staff at the check in at all. The next day there was an Air Traffic Controllers strike that had been scheduled and we had non-refundable accommodation and other paid activities in London. I went looking for the Easy Jet representative in the Terminal who advised that as it was at that stage, 18.21pm by her watch the flight had closed, there were no staff available and there was nothing she could do other than advise us that due to industrial action and bookings we would not be likely to get paid seats with Easy Jet for 3 days. Faced with this I looked for flights departing to London that night and found a British Airways flight due to depart at 19.10. I was advised by a BA representative that she may be able to get 5 seats but would not know until 18.40. She managed to get 5 economy seats for which I was charged in excess of EURO2500 or Australian $3557.00. I spoke to BA the next day in London and a staff member told me that I was charged adult fares for the two children under 12 and that I should be entitled to a 25% refund. The battle to do this is still going on with the BA refunds section and the initial response that I received when the matter was referred to BA customer relations was that BA only have 2 classes of economy seats adult and infant ie 2 and under. There website would suggest otherwise. I have written to Easy Jet and am awaiting a response and will detail it in this forum when it is to hand. I think the moral of this story is that allow the widest possible berth between connection if travelling on a discount carrier. Do not accept the check in closure time will be adhered to by staff of a budget carrier and make sure that you have travel insurance that covers the scenario of a missed connection, as many policies in this regard will only give you a limited amount in very limited circumstances. I will keep you all posted. ------- Sydney
On today's episode of air passengers do the dumbest things.... …go.com/US/… Unbelievable.
Just wondering,will this work only for solo travelers or can a party of three check in with just one smartphone?
We fly (hopefully!) from BOS-BWI-CUN on Friday. More snow Thurs night after being walloped this week again. Hopefully it will be a glancing blow of snow and we're ok. But of course I'm nervous! We have a 3 hr layover (9am-noon) in BWI. If we don't make the Noon flight, there are no more out that day. I know 3 hours is plenty, but in the event of a delay, I'd love to have it clear in my head exactly what we should be doing once we're off the plane in BWI. Any advice? We're flying Southwest, one ticket. Thank you!
Is free beer/spirits still supplied free of charge when travelling in Economy on transatlantic flights? Last time I crossed the pond was eight years ago, on Virgin. They were happy to dole out the cans of beer. Maybe times have changed... Going LHR-LAX Economy on one of these: BA VA UA AA Delta
We're flying business class with Malaysia airlines into Bangkok and have a 4.5 hour wait for onwards internal flight with a different carrier. Can anyone tell me whether we'd be able to use the Malaysia Airlines lounge at Bangkok whilst we wait. Edited: 9:30 am, July 12, 2013
Hi. I am 6ft 5 tall and hoping to fly to Japan in May next year. Just wondered which airline would give any sort of space for my knees in Economy. Was going to choose between Emirates, Cathay Pacific and Qatar. Open to suggestions thanks...
Does anybody know about seating on the embraer 190. I tryed the seatguru website but they didn't have it for frontier.
Hi All, Wife and I are flying to majorca with Thompson for the first time, we have the free 15kg checked bags allowance each. my question is can we take hand luggage upto 10kg for free? Thanks in advance Kam
Hi I have been quoted an amazing deal with this Company. Sounds too good to be true. Has anyone ever used this Company? I know it is registered, but it is not ABTA.
My 16 year old daughters child passport runs out first week of July but were wanting to travel to Majorca 3rd April for 5 days. My question is will that be ok on her passport? I have read that Spain does not require you to have 6 month validity but I want to make sure before I book anything (it's sat night so I can't ring passport office lol) Thank you
We are flying from Manchester to New york on a AA operated flight on a 757 what will this be like? On way back we fly with BA on world traveller flight on a 777
can anyone tell me the luggage allowance on a flight with continental from manchester to usa i cant find it anywhere on my e ticket or on their website thanks
Good Morning, i will fly to Tokyo in August with British Airways in code share with Japan Airlines. I would like to contact JAL in order to have the chance to reserve my seat on the plane before the online check in. Do anybody know an email adress where i can contact them? I found a UK phone number but it would be very expansive to call it from Italy. Many thanks Nik
Hello everyone, I am flying PHL-CUN next month in first class with US Airways, what type of seats does this have? SeatGuru / SeatExpert don't seem to know much...
Hello! I eat a Paleo diet, with no sugar, grains, legumes, eggs or dairy. Any idea which of the special meals that United offers would give me the fewest of these things? I know they don't have anything that matches exactly.
I am lucky enough to be going on a Swiss star alliance around the world starting in May, Strangely the first leg of this trip is on Cathay Pacific (not a star alliance airline) from Brisbane to Hong Kong via Cairns. Will I be able to use their (CP) lounge in Brisbane and Cairns, time permitting on my G.C. ????? Not sure but would like to know in advance. Many thanks.
I am due to fly to with Easyjet to Berlin for 4 days with my university class. We have been told by our tutor who booked the flights that we are only allowed carry on baggage. I have looked at the Easyjet policy on carry on allowances and I am wondering how strictly they are enforced? My carry on suitcase is a hard suitcase with no outside pockets to put things like my passport, money etc in. Therefore I planned to bring a small fabric material shopping tote bag just to put these essentials in to save me having to open up my suitcase at the airport and have all my things falling out everywhere. Would this not be allowed?
Okay so i need tk fly to england from ireland on my driving licence, i know airlingus allow me to. I was just wondering who else allows you to fly on a driving licence betwee the two?
Dear All, Could somebody let me know what is a safe, reliable and reasonably cheap flight option from Buenos Aires to Rio de Janeiro? I am thinking about TAP Portugal or TAM Linhas Aereas. From what I have read so far on-line Aerolineas Argentinas should be best avoided for unpredictable and long delays. The punctuality is quite important for me as I need to catch another plane in Rio to go back to Europe. Thanks, Lidia
May seem crazy to ask ='(....Just booked our flight thru Delta last week for this coming April. I see that the same flight is now $100.00 cheaper..........Will they give me the price that is offered now if I were to call and ask about it??? Thanks............I know hotels will do this but not sure about airlines. Thanks !
Looking to do 5 night trip to New York next Easter. Best price at present is with BA (NCL to LHR to JFK) £540. Should we wait for Xmas/new year sale? Have checked Aer Lingus too but long change over time in Dublin. Thanks
Our flights have been rescheduled !! .... Our flight from san juan lands at JFK and there is 45 mins before our flight to manchester England takes off!! Wil we make it? Our travel agent says no problem the airlines wouldn't change the flight times unless it was possible. A now stressed traveller.
Hi all i recently booked a holiday to tenerife, the flight is from glasgow and the operator is ThomsonFly. my problem is that the ticket says Miss instead of Mr. i would like to know if i can still check in with no problems? if it makes any odds i am not the lead passenger. i phoned thomsonfly who say there shouldnt be a problem, but to clarify with onthebeach.com (whom i booked through) but they want to rob me of a £65 ammendment fee!! can anyone with any knowledge or experience please help. Thanks Grant
Hi I booked a flight with 20kg luggage. My question is I have payed for an upgrade to premium with option town. That states that if I do get the premium seat I get 40kg luggage allowance. So seeing I've already payed the 20kg can I have 60kg luggage?
Hotel compensation request A few hours ago, Vueling airline Informed me that my today's flight(1st July) from Geneva to Barcelone (VY6202) will not operate due to strike and they will change my flight onto the next available flight. I called them and the only available flight is tomorrow night (more than 24 hours delay), I confirmed the change anyway. As a result, I missed my hotel booking (non-refundable) and almost my weekend holiday in Barcelone. The question is am I eligible for any refund for my hotel? Thanks Edited: 11:32 am, July 01, 2016
We have reservations where we're going to be flying the new Airbus A300-600 (AB6) and there isn't much about them on Seat Guru. Has anybody flown this aircraft and have comments on either the main cabins or first class?
Looking for suggestions regarding hotels to stay in for a 4 night visit to San Francisco mid range and possibly with a pool. Never been before so not sure of the best area to be in for visiting all the sights. Thanks
"We used Orbitz for a recent flight to Mexico. We had nothing but problems from the start. It took 3 phone calls and a request for a supervisor before the problem was solved to get us to our destination. On the return flight, we arrived at the airport and we were told we were on standby! We had reservations for 3 months!!! We were not able to get on a flight and ended up renting a car to get home while others who were on the ""overbooked"" list, were offered $500 trip voucher and a hotel room. Needless to say, we will never use or recommend Orbitz again. Jane"
Hi guys I have several United Club one-time passes left over from recent trips I have taken with them, and I was just curious as to whether I would be able to use them if I'm not flying with them. Example, im flying with Austrian next week out of Terminal 2 at Heathrow, would it be possible for me to use a pass to get into the United Club in T2 even though im not travelling United? Thanks :)
Does anyone have information whether United has converted all of its Boeing 777's Pacific international flights from recliner seats in business class to flat configurations. Thank you Jerry Mehlman
I'm flying to and from the States over the summer and I was wondering whether these flights on Delta had inflight entertainment in the backs of seats or whether I had to put up with communal drop down ones. Thanks.
Does anyone know when the new charges for Ryanair checked in bags comes in? I have read a few articles saying they are having one fixed price for all year round, so would bring the price down in high season
Hi, we're taking a 7.55 am flight to Geneva soon. Just wondering if we need to eat breakfast before we board. Anyone know?
Arriving with Malaysia Airline at KLIA at 4:30 AM from Sydney. Connecting flight through Air Asia at 6:55 AM at LCCT. Been to LCCT a number of times but never to KLIA. How is the efficiency at that time at KLIA? I know its a 20 minute taxi to LCCT and considering if I should just take carry-on on the first flight (I usually travel light and can probably shove stuff in carry-on). I've booked a seat towards the front for a quick exit :) It's no biggie if I miss the connecting flight.
Hi, flying to Goa next week and trying to find out what films will be showing as the online guide is still showing September/October. Many thanks
I have heard that this s the oldest plane in the US airways fleet. They do have in flight entertainment apart from old fashioned overhead screens. Even First class is just regular old leather seats they have stateside, not lie flat or upgraded seats. Can this be true, I have just paid a fortune to treat my wife on a super trip. Ta
Hey Jus a quick quetion im flying to dominican, does every seat have its own tv with remote so you can choose what u want to watch and when u want to watch it ? Thanks
They hide the fact that some tickets they sell do not carry airmiles with them. This cost me a business class upgrade on my next flight. I contacted them they deny it, I went through the process again and kept recods of the booking process and id does not warn you. EVA say they tell Ebookers that they have to warn customers, they don't if they are then it is hidden and I can't find it. In essence they are conning people so be warned. The response from Ebookers and EVA was totally poor. I am now flying Emirates again and will never use Ebookers again. They are not ABTA bonded either I found out as a result of this so again BE WARNED. Try West East Travel instead, lovely very helpful and cheaper. -----.
It appears that United is changing their seat numbers this fall on A319, A320, B757 at a minimum. I am booking summer and fall travel and it is showing different seat numbers for the configurations. Either that or the website/seat server is broken. I'm guessing this is to start aligning the fleets with Continental. But I figured someone here would know for sure.
I need to be able to lie down during the flight. Does anyone know for sure that the armrests between all the seats in a row lift so a person can lie across them?
Hi there. As we all know, regularly airlines have offers of companionfares from/to certain destinations, such as book 2 and pay 1 or book 2 and one gets 50 pct discount....etc. Does anybody know of a good website that lists these companionfares and such? I've never seen a bookingengine come up with these fares, as these searchengines are not programmed to list them in a query. Maybe someone has other resources to search for these offers? Thanks very much for your replies Wiki
I booked my two RT LAX-LHR for travel in October, direct flight. I saw a deal and took it. We will be flying Air New Zealand on the special offer they have right now. Surpised to find out the whole front section of the plane was already alocated, looked on Seat guru and found some great seats. Without the board I think I would have waited and maybe payed simular or more, but with stop overs and not on such a nice air plane.
I'm currently looking to book a flight (indirect) from Las Vegas to New Orleans and then a flight (direct) from New Orleans to New York. Both AA and United fly these routes and while AA is slightly cheaper, I was just wondering if it was worth the saving? Basically, I'm asking who I should book with out of the two companies. Any advice would be appreciated.
I wasn't sure what forfum to post this to so i hope I can get an answer here. I believe there is a site, maybe google, where.... Well let me say what i am looking for. I am going to 5 countries in Europe. I was hoping to look up things to do, restaurants, etc and plot them on a map for myself. There are a lot of preset things with peoples suggestions on the net but would be cool if i had just the stuff on there that I wanted so i can plot out my days. i have no problem researching and getting the address for things i want i just dont know how to load them on a map with pins or whatever... Can anyone help? Thanks
Hi guys will be travelling with my 9months old baby,flying from Armstadam to Entebbe uganda ,its a 1O hrs flight and its during the day .So are there any tips ?i really need them.waiting to hear from you.
Although i am from a visa waiver country when travelling to the USA, I now have to purchase a pre authorisation before i travel. Its quick, no waiting but i also have to pay 14 us dollars for this! I reckon its just another form of fund raising!
My cousin and his wife have had their flight cancelled due to the French Air Traffic strike - they are currently in Palma Spain and have unofficially been told they may have to wait till Monday for a return flight - who Is liable for the additional accommodation costs and everyday expenses ?
"Just curious...I was checking to see if my husband's flight from LHR to EWR was still at the same time(scheduled for Sunday, the 26th) and I noticed it was delayed several hours due to ""mandatory crew rest."" I was a little surprised as it seems so far in advance (more than 24 hours) I would think they would get another crew. Anybody have a clue why this would be a reason for a delay when the flight is over a day away? (I don't think he is happy coming home so late at night before a work day but they wouldn't let him change to the earlier flight. Not much anyone can do, really.)"
Long story short have fallen for a girl who lives near Seattle, WA and with the exorbitant price of flights to and from the US really I need help getting there. Tickets for an 18 hour connecting flight with a stop-off in Pennsylvania on comparison sites come out as £500 which is just ridiculous considering and Icelandair who do fly from Reykjavík for a well priced direct flight pose the problem of getting out to Reykjavík and getting home from Reykjavíc. Any tips for me looking, any money saving hints or little ways any of you might have saved money traveling to and from Europe or the US? I'm not an experienced flyer but can get to pretty much any airport in the UK if it saves me some money. Thanks. Edited: 12:09 pm, March 05, 2014
Hi! This fall, we're flying on Air France from Los Angeles to Barcelona (connecting at CDG) then returning a few weeks later out of Venice to Los Angeles (connecting at CDG). While I understand that most flights within Europe do not allow you to pre-select your seats, we're confused as to why the AF site will not let us select seats for the longer, international LAX to CDG segment of our travels. We were able to select seats for the international portion of our return trip but not the outbound. Can anyone help me figure this out, please? It is our honeymoon and we've purchased Premium Economy tickets. We're really hoping to sit together...and not in the middle of the 4-seat row. Thank you for your advice!
Hi, does anyone know if Ryanair are putting on flights for summer 2013 from Cork to Lanzarote??? They seem to have the flights to Tenerife, Fuerteventura etc. on sale already but none to Lanzarote from Cork. Thanks :)
Who can give me information about How and where I can buy a 144 hours Shanghai & 72 hours Hong Kong Visa for a KLM employee with a standby ticket? I am traveling from 09-08-2016 from Schiphol Amsterdam to Hong Kong till 15-08-2016 and will visit Shanghai till 20-08-2016. From there I traveling back to Amsterdam. I take my son (16 years) with me on this holiday and in Hong Kong I will visit my cousin! Greetings, ----- & ------- E-mail: ----------------------
"Today Ellemay wrote: “I however, like Qantas and apart from a few ""bad"" times mostly I find them to offer an excellent service..especially after you try some other airlines in the world.......I like my flying kangaroo ! I could write some wicked experiences I have had on other airlines but it would be zapped ......from TA quickly.....” A couple of days ago on this thread tripadvisor.com/ShowTopic-g1-i10702-k908667-… petite 001 wrote a long complaint about Mexicana. While I didn’t think the vehemence of her complaint was actually justified I still don’t understand why TA saw fit to remove her post. At other times I have seen really spurious and damaging complaints about small accommodation houses and restaurants left uncensored. I would really like to know the criteria which TA uses for deleting these sorts of posts."
"Hi, Bit of a long shot... We booked back in March to go to for a family holiday Florida over the summer and we got very bad news yesterday. My mother in law has been diagnosed with stage 3b terminal lung cancer with life expectancy of 3-6mths and told no longer able to fly. We booked on Virgin via Expedia and neither company will even consider exchanging let alone refund for the single ticket. Both insist they would refund but are blaming each other's ""rules"" none of which deal with their customers as human beings. We have written to both Expedia & Virgin's customer relations as well as their CEOs, tweeted their Twitter accounts, our travel insurance only covers her if she passes away. Any other suggestions? All advice welcome."
My daughter and her friend are flying from Bristol with Easyjet tomorrow. Printer broken, do they have to take a boarding pass?
I'm taking my first trip to Europe in March, and about a month ago flights were priced at $ 817 from to TPA to MAD. Now they're $ 910. I think I should have booked when I first looked. My question for all of you who travel from the States to Europe frequently is: do you think I should book now or wait and see if prices go back down? I know they could also rise, but I'm not sure what a normal price would be. I know it's a crap shoot, but I'd like your advice on what you'd do. Thanks in advance for your help.
I have two children's that will fly unaccompanied minor with delta. They have a 7 and a half hour layover in Portland, OR. I heard they will put them in a room with tv and snacks inside, will they be able to go outside and get food? Because they are 14 and 17 and they need tons of food and get hungry very easily. and I feel like paying $100 for this service is just too much, I mean the airport is super easy to get around and there are signs everywhere, they have traveled a lot so they are very familiar with the transiting process. I think that delta should not force people to pay $100 for this service that just lock kids in a room with nothing, this should be an optional option for parents that don't trust their kids...
Rumour on Vegas forum that Virgin plan to replace the 747s on the Gatwick - Vegas route? Anybody know anything- I'm sceptical until they get any A380s?
Hi What is the difference in these planes? Is one better than the other. Which one can travel the farthest? Boeing 787 dreamliner and Boeing 777 and Airbus 380 and the Airbus 350 Thanks
I have booked a weeks holiday with on the beach and they have informed me I need to check in on line prior to travelling. Apparently on the ryanair website you can only check in 7 days before unless you pay extra for allocated seats. As I dont need allocated seats and dont want to pay extra how do I print off my boarding passes 7 days before for my return flight if I am already on my way to spain. It says theres a charge if you dont print off your boarding passes thanks
I am a Canadian citizen travelling to US . I am being charged US APHIS User fee , US Custom user fee, US Transfer fee, US security fee and US federal Inspection fee. In total the fee are $118.22. Do other traveller from other countries get charge this fees
Quick question.... My passport is a normal passport which was issue 5 years ago and expire 2013 it does not have a chip in it as i beleive chipped passports didnt not come in when i renewed my passport, is this passport ok to travel on because it doesnt havw a chip? its machine readable as it has all the numbers etc on the bottom of the photo page, ive tried various website etc for a answer and starting to panick now as im going in 2 weeks!! Ive completed my ESTA and that is fine Thanks in advance
Hi! Trying to see if anyone has flown on Lufthansa's A380 in premium economy cabin? Care to post your experience. Looking at flying SFO-DEL rt in summer on this. Relatively new service so hard to find any reviews. Infact, the Frankfurt-DEL A380 will start in April.Thanks in advance.
Hi :) Just wanting to find out, I am booked on flight QF25 melb to lax, it says there is a stopover in Auckland. This is my first time overseas so have no idea about this stuff! Does this mean that we get off the plane and change planes? Or is it just a quick stop and then leaving again? Thanks :)
Hi, I have previously been to Berlin (flew with Ryanair from London Stansted-SXF), but this time we are flying from heathrow to Tegel with Germanwings. With Ryanair, you are allowed 10kgs hand luggage + one small item (handbag/laptop etc) Does anyone know if Germanwings (from heathrow) allow this too? I checked the website and it mentioned only 1 piece of hand luggage with max weight of 8kg. However, when I called the helpline, the gentleman who seemed albeit a little confused by my accent, suggested that a lady is allowed a handbag too. He didn't sound very confident with this though... Has anyone flown this route before and had experience of taking two pieces through? Thanks in advance, -----
"Hi all, I'm a US citizen going from Newark to Santiago, Chile. I have a 14 hour overnight layover in Panama City airport and since I'm young and travel-hardy (and poor), I've just decided to suck it up and stay in the international terminal reading and getting some work done. My only concern is that I've seen some posts here and elsewhere that say for layovers lasting more than 12 hours I might need to ""check in"" with Panama somehow (go through some kind of customs/immigration?). Is that true, or can I just get off my plane, hang out for all that time in the terminal, and get on my next flight in the morning? Will anybody actually check up on how long I've been in the airport if I never try to enter the country? I will be checking a bag all the way to Santiago (aka, not picking up in Panama...). Thanks! Edited: 9:48 pm, July 19, 2013"
I recently booked Ryanair flights for my husband and his friend. When I began the online check in, I realised the surname of the second adult, the friend, was wrongly entered as the same surname as my husband although his first name was correct. I had failed to notice this on the confirmation email. Rang Ryanair and they said it would cost £160 for them to change the name or £110 if we did it ourselves online. As the hotel was booked, we had little choice but to pay the £110. Protests that the mistake was not ours fell on deaf ears. I wrote to their head office but they refused to be of any assistance. Some googling showed that others had experienced a reversion of the second adult surname to that of the first adult when the website goes to the payment page. I believe this is what happened to us. It also appears their terms of contract may be considered unfair. So I intend to sue them in the county court and wondered if anyone might have any experiences of doing this with Ryanair?
Hi, In all my past travels I've always been on a single carrier from A to C via B, so for online checkin it's just been a case of checking in once for all sectors. This weekend I'm flying SYD to BKK (TG) to VIE (OS) to FRA (LH). It's all on the one reference number with OS flight numbers and LX (!!!) issued eTickets, so I'm not sure which site to do the Online Checkin, hopefully with the chance to choose my seats (particularly for the OS leg). Do I just check in on the OS site for all legs, or will I have to check in individually for each flight? Thanks ----
i have seen old post re the above. I just wondered if there was recent experience of them. i need to but return ticket to hong kong for my son for new year and they are quoting c£540 for klm via amsterdam which is about half the price of everyonreelse......
Trying to figure out why AA flight 5 was diverted on the 5th and flight 5 was diverted today on the 6th DFW to HNL Beginning to think this flight is jinxed and traveling same route next week. Ideas?
I'm at the early stages if planning a trip to California from UK Looking to fly fron Manchester or heathrow to any if the main California city airports . Will probably be going may/ June time and am looking for advice in best time to buy and route options that would give best deal . Any advice greatly appreciated
Hi, hope one of the Thomson experts out there help on this, if you book Premium club on a flight only, does that entitle you to choose seats together and do OLCI at 90 days out? It doesn't clarify this on the website (as far as I can see) ---
I need to buy a ticket for my son, but just for him. Brussels Airlines does not allow the option to buy only a child's ticket. Are we the only people who has a situation that travelling plans change and we need to ADD a child passenger at the later stage? Any advice?
Hi there, I'm needing to change the date of birth on an AirAsia flight by spouse out the wrong year down for my birth date. I can't seem to find any information on it anywhere. Thanks -----
I have worked so hard at booking a flight with AirAsia and got all the details but when it gets to the 'choose the method of payment' it stops and that's it. It wouldn't be so bad but I spent all afternoon trying to book a flight on Lao Airlines. Whoa, are these sites unfriendly? Maybe they don't want internet customers? And ideas on what I could do to get to the confirmation step??
We have flown this route before Washington Dulles to Heathrrow. Last time I booked - 5 months in advance - FOUR DAYS after I booked British Air lowered the fare by $400.00 EACH. Unbelievable!! Any ideas on when or how far ahead of time one should book ?--------
Hi, So..... Aer Lingus flights keep increasing in price since I checked at the start of July, Flights were €750 now €1133 for 2 from Dublin to Tenerife, anyone have any inside info lol or experience of them reducing back down in price closer to date??? Have had to leave booking late as my boyfriend is due for an operation and we were awaiting a date. Thanks
Can my wife carry and hand luggage along with her ladies bag/purse? Regards ------
Tried to book a flight with virgin to Barbados premier economy and the web site was down just as I went to confirm booking, the following day the flights had increased by an amazing £600, now over £900 more than the original flight price, madness.! My own fault that I didn't call customer services on the day, I didn't have a chance as I was running to and from meetings on the day. Now I can not get a decent price after being given the oppotunity to see friends after such a traumatic time recenlty. How can £800 go to £1200 now over £1700 in days its crazy and they still have seats left!! It's greed...............
"I am trying to book airfare from Airtran for June. Through Travelocity, the flights show up, then when I go to pay, it says ""flights are sold out."" On Airtran's website, the flights don't even show up at all. Is it just too early to book these flights....or could they already be sold out?"
I will be traveling with a group of 15 - 24 Girl Scouts (girls and adults) in June 2011 from Saint Louis to Zurich. Any recommendations on the best place to get group travel rates? Thanks?
Has anyone else noticed that United prices are super expensive lately. I have been looking at flights end of August from Toronto to Kauai and for economy with 2 stops it is around 3500. I have put in dates in May and June as well just to see and prices are more than we are paying in first class for January. Seems crazy. A couple of weeks ago prices seemed to be around 2000 for 2 people economy return.
i have a friend who lives in london (but whose family is in new jersey) who is getting married soon. my friends and i were thinking of getting her an airline gift certificate as a wedding gift so that she can either go home or go somewhere fun in europe. any ideas? i've looked on british airways but they don't seem to offer gift certificates. and continental requires that you redeem gift certificates from the states. any ideas? thanks!
"Must have been a charter because there are no scheduled flights between MAO and LGW. www.telegraph.co.uk/opinion/main.jhtml… ""But there's another eight hours to go, how could you possibly have run out of gin?"" And tonic! Quite an amusing piece."
My bf and I will be flying Business Class NRT->HKG on CX505, we'd much prefer window seats, but the seatguru map for Cathay Pacific's Airbus A330-300 (333) shows our seats in 19A,19C to be Standard Economy Seats. Is that true or is that a typo? I called Cathay Pacific and they informed me all Business Class seats are recliners, and they all recline to the same capacity. Thanks!
is anybody flying with BA today / tomorrow and if so, is online check in working again? I know that they had disabled it for a while but it looks like it is back to normal? I tried to change my seat bookings yesterday for a Sunday flight and that went all funny, so just wondering .....
Hi off to the usa in a few days can i put my aersol tins eg deodrant and hairspray in my suitcase or is that banned now.thanks
I shall soon be travelling from London Heathrow to Hong Kong in British Airways WT+ on an Airbus 380-80. Can anyone please tell me in what order either by seating or cabin that disembarcation takes place.
Hi Just booked a flight with Ryanair and cannot find an option to add Advanced Passenger Information anywhere, even in Manage my Booking. I usually travel with Easyjet so am used to filling in the information on their website. Where can I fill it in if travelling with Ryanair? I have heard that you now add all the details when checking in online instead of having a separate page to fill in whenever you like. However, I thought that API was required at least 48 hours before the flight time, yet Ryanair allow you to check in up to 4 hours before the flight leaves, so how does this work? Is there a well-hidden API option somewhere that I have missed? Many thanks in advance
I am booked on SWISS Airlines from Rome to Zurich in Economy. Their website says Economy passengers can have one carry-on bag. Does anyone know if that means I can carry my purse onboard, too, or do they mean ONE carry-on bag. Period. I booked this using United miles and SWISS Airlines as a partner airline. I know on United you can have one carry-on plus one additional personal item.
I plan to go to Zurich via Seattle and it appears Icelandair has a good flight going there in their booking site but it is showing a 35 mins plane change at KEF. Is it possible ? I am quite doubtful about this. Looks like I have to rush to disembark from the plane and run to embark on the next plane..
I am booking a ticket to Europe and I was going to purchase through cheapoair or cheap tickets but after reading the reviews I chose not too. Looking at google flights I am getting mixed reviews. Are they trust worthy? what has been your experience? TIA
We are planning to use Iberia from Memphis to Chicago to Rome. The Iberian flight is scheduled to arrive from Memphis 1 hour and 15 minutes before the departure of the Iberian flight to Rome. I understand that all Iberian flights use Terminal 3. Would we have time to make our transatlantic flight?
Do you get BAEC tier points on Dragon Air flights? I've tried searching but can't seem to find the answer. Thanks
I am wanting to park at Manchester airport near to the terminals, rather than off-site or too far away on-site. Which car park would I use? (We fly from terminal 3) I know it will be expensive but I am travelling with my elderly Dad so want the carpark where it is only a short walk from the car into the departure lounge. Help in identifying this would be useful.
"I have never used Priceline or any 3rd party booking site. I normally fly for work or well planned in advanced vacation. However, I need to make near last minute reservations for 3 people. If I use Priceline ""Best Express Deal"" or ""Name Your Own Price"" can I get stuck flying Frontier or is those tools only for major carriers United/AA/Delta? I tried googling the answer but appeared it was outdated postings."
Hi All I am just printing my Easyjet boarding passes out and was rather annoyed by the big colourful advert for National Express on each one! Anyway I have printed in black and white rather than waste a huge quantity of coloured ink on those ads. They still look good quality but for peace of mind I thought I 'd check in case anyone had been given grief from any airlines for not printing in full colour. By the looks have things I have still used half a gallon of ink on those poxy adverts! They should make these things as economical as possible to print out.
"We was booked to fly home from PRG-EMA at 21:55 on the 14/6/09. At 23:00 we was told by leaflet it was cancelled ""due to crew out of hours."" It did not leave East Midlands. We was all put up in a airport hotel with breakfeast. And it stated we will fly out on PRG-EMA/STD. at 11:20 the next day 15/6/09. On getting up we went to the airport at 8-00 only to find this flight cancelled as well. We was told to report back at 9:30 when we was told there is a plane coming from Luton for us and we will leave at 13:30. We left at 14.15 over 16 hours late on what we was told by easyjet cabin crew as a rescue flight. On getting home I rang Easyjet to find out about the 250 euro's each in compensation only to be told the flights where not cancelled but rescheduled so we cannot claim. Is there any point in emailing them with a claim or am I p****** against the wind. ------."
So this is probably a dumb question, but has anyone used US paper (8.5x11) to print a Ryanair boarding pass? It says A4 paper on their website, and I know they are sticklers for rules, but I'm hoping 8.5x11 will be ok (since I don't even know if you can get A4 paper in the US). I guess I could try to print the boarding pass in France or Poland, but I'd rather print it here before I leave (since I paid for a seat just so I could). I don't think A4 is exactly 8.5x11 inches, though.
I have an international departure tomorrow. Any thoughts on how much extra time I should allow to get through security?
Will be arriving into KL LCCT at 5.30 am from Stansted and departing again for Gold Coast on the 9.10 pm flight. I understand the jet lag on the London to KL leg is quite bad. Could anyone suggest to me whether I should book a hotel, say Tune eg, for the stopover time or maybe just wait at the LCCT lounge for the day. I am worried that if I go to sleep I may not wake up for the flight home. Alternatively, would it be an option to go into KL for the day. Have been there before so am familiar with the airport etc. Just don't want to miss that homebound flight. Thanks in advance
Need advice asap, my flight is tomorrow ... May 4. I have horrible nerve pain in my feet, and typically need to apply frozen gel packs that wrap around them with velcro straps about every 2 hours so I can walk. (I'm traveling specifically to get into a clinical trial for my pain). They're the kind of gel packs that are sold specifically for pain, etc. Will these be allowed through security? There's no way they will be completely frozen when I go through - they never completely freeze anyway. I'm just desperate about how to ice my feet both on the plane, and in the airport where I have to change plans. I'm flying on United. Thank you!
Would love to hear from you if you have any insight into the best way to plan my trip from Greensboro, North Carolina to Melbourne Australia in June 2011 via Honolulu, HI - airlines, days of travel, must see sights in Melbourne, etc. Any help would be appreciated. Thank you!
Cancelled a flight recently and airline will issue full refund. Wondering why it takes 6-8 weeks for airlines to issue a refund when it takes 6-8 seconds for them to take payment initially. Just curious...
So, I am considering going to Los Angles later this year. I am just wondering, what is the best airline to take across the Pacific? I've only been on QANTAS personally. Could you please let me know what the best airline to take across the Pacific is? Thanks In Advance!
"I see a lot of complaints and dissatisfaction by people who have used online reservations websites, and most of the problems people have had appear to be the purchasers' own fault. The reality here, of course, is that there really is nothing unbusiness-like or underhanded, nor are there any ""bait and switch"" tactics in what these sites offer or what they charge as YOU authorize the total amount of charges which you agree to pay when you ""submit."" It isn't worth complaining if YOUdon't exercise reasonable care -- and READ THE FINE PRINT beforehand -- when using such sites. One thing to always be sure of is that you see a physical address for a legitmate place of business and someone whom you can contact should a problem arise. Without that, the website may well be a scam or dishonest."
"I apparently need to pay $25 to bring a ""carry-on,"" but I'm allowed a free ""personal item."" Does anyone know how strict they are with this? Can I bring the world's largest purse, for example?"
I have booked reservations on an AA flight to Europe. I have asked for business upgrade with miles. When do they release these seats so I will know if I have an upgrade or not?
We are travelling to Singapore, Australia and Bali next week and have just purchased two carry on bags size 55 x 35 x 20cm which for most airlines is fine!! However, we have just realised that two of the flights are with Virgin Blue and they stipulate 48 x 34 x 23cm!!! Any advice please?? Do we change the cases for smaller ones or can we chance it??? Thanks
How many baggage each person can pick? I bought ticket from Vayama from US to Rome then to Tehran. But I am wondering about the number of baggage per person.
Hi, I'm booked on Iberia 7471 Heathrow to Barcelona. The ticket says its operated by BA (BA472) but leaves from Terminal 3. I thought BA only use T5. Should I go to T3 or T5? --------------- Heathrow (LHR) - Barcelona (BCN) COMMERCIAL DUPLICATE - OPERATED BY BRITISH AIRWAYS Heathrow (LHR) - Barcelona (BCN) OPERATIONAL LEG BA 0472 Heathrow (LHR) DEPARTS TERMINAL 3 Barcelona (BCN) ARRIVES TERMINAL 1
Are all seating layouts the same on this plane we are flying with Aer Lingus to San Francisco in March and want the best economy seats but can't work out which are best to get???any advice??
I have a feeling that this may have been covered before but I cannot find anything. When is the best time to buy an airline ticket to Australia from the UK? We are planning a trip to Brisbane in July and August 2015 and I am wondering whether to buy the tickets now or to wait until a few months closer to the date. Current prices are round about £1300 which seems incredibly high. We are fairly flexible on dates, as long as they are in the school summer holidays. Most of the advice I can find (eg internet and talking to an agent) suggests buying now. Any help and advice much appreciated.
We just returned from a trip to Costa Rica. We were traveling with 4 bags all of which had TSA locks. On our return trip we cleared customs in Miami and re-checked our bags in for our flight home. When we got home all but one on the TSA locks had been removed and not replaced. One of the removed locks we found inside one of the bags. The remaining 3 locks (One case has 2 compartments to lock) are gone. Nothing appears to be missing except the locks, but what good is a TSA lock if they just remove them and throw them away?
We have booked a thomson flight (flight only). I've contacted thomson twice now and I've had a different response both times. I want to take my 2 year olds car seat. One thomson online advice person said that I may put my car seat in the hold for free (not included in my 20kg) if I did not take a pushchair. Another thomson support via email said that it would have to be included in my 20kg hold weight. Anyone know which one is correct or have checked a car seat in for free (when only booked flight and not on a thomson package). Many thanks for your help.
Can anyone tell me what type of plug I need to use the power outlet in BMI's long haul premium economy please? Is is a std uk 3-pin (as in their business class) or a cigar lighter type? We are flying Manchester to Las Vegas.
I am trying to figure out the most cost effective way to travel this itinerary: Lax to Paris Paris to Rome Florence to Lax I can plug in a multiflight in Kyak and get a price listing mutiple carriers. I can also just do th LAX to Paris and Florence to PAris and get a price, and use ryan air from Paris to Rome. Just wanting input on what others did, what they found most conveniant and less expensive. I am not flying till OCtober,so I think the prices are coming out a bit high right now. Will purchase closer to July/August. I am leaning towards using Kyak and doing the mutileg just so I dont have to mess with booking ryanair. I appreciate any input.
I'm planning a trip on October to Salt Lake City from Bangladesh and I'm wondering if I need visa for the layovers in CAN and HKG airports. Both my layovers are less than 24 hours and I don't intend to leave the airport. By the way I am a Bangladeshi passport holder.
I'm curious as to if i could use a blue freezer clear ziplock bag for carrying my liquids (dimensions of the bag fit TSA's guidelines). Every website i've checked says I need a clear bag, and I'm unsure if a blue clear bag fits under that description. Has anyone else tried this?
Does anyone know if you get a leg rest (like lazy boy chair style recliner) in every row in the premier cabin? or is it just on the front row? Thanks
Hey all, I have a flight coming up on Wednesday and did not pay close attention to my transfer flight. I am flying from Des Moines, IA to Atlanta, GA to Los Angeles, CA. Unfortunately I see that my layover in Atlanta is 50min (which also includes the time to actually get off the plane). Is this enough time to get between two Delta flights, or should I expect to have to change it somewhere along my journey? Thanks!
"I`m not sure whether one is available (if there is one on the TAP airlines website it is very hard to find) but I`m after a TAP airlines timetable. Their website only seems to offer a time for a flight if you put in a day you want to travel, what I want a timetable with all the flights so we can easily see which destinations have flights at reasonable times and on days we can get off work. I`ve got flight timetables for other airlines we`ve used, or intend to use, why don`t TAP do one ? Or make it more easily ""findable"" if they publish one !"
Based on airlines you have personally flown, which would be your favourites? I have flown Qantas, Jetstar, Virgin Blue, Pacific blue, Air Nz, Continental, Tiger Airways, Air Asia, Thai, Singapore, Vietnam Air, Bangkok Airways, Freedom Air, Emitates, British Airways, United, Emirates, Easyjet and probably a few more I can't remember. Singapore would be my fave because of the amazing crew who will do abosolutly anything, nothing is too much for them. Entertainment system is top notch, with large screens, and plenty of movies, Tv, games etc, there is something for everyone! Another thing I love about SIA is the legroom. I don't know the stats but even in economy I feel there is much more leg room than other carriers. And finally the food. Sia by far IMO has the best food of an airline. Second for me goes to Emirates with Thai a close 3rd. What are your favourite airlines and why?
Hi. Two weeks ago we had an email from Silkair telling us they were moving our return flight from Langkawi to Singapore back a day from 26th February 2015 to the 27th February 2015. This was a disaster for me because on the 26th I am meeting up with my sister who lives in Sydney, before she flies back on the 27th. I haven't seen her since 2008. I informed Silkair of the problem and they asked if I wanted a refund. I immediately said yes and then rebooked with Air Asia to land in Singapore on the 27th. But then Silkair said they could re-route me via KL on the 27th, so I told them I had already booked the other tickets and asked for a refund. They then sent an email asking if I wanted to cancel the flights, so I said yes, and outlined the problem again. For the last few days I've heard nothing. Do you think I'll get my money back? It was their decision to change the dates of the flights.
I am in Vientiane, Laos (VTE), and I would like to go to Europe for about 2 weeks, specifically France, perhaps the Netherlands and maybe another surrounding country. Budget is $400. Can leave anytime. Anyone have any ideas?
DH and I are in Israel for 2-3 years and our goal is to see as much of the world as possible in our lifetimes. I'm looking to put together a list of destinations that are easier to get to from here than the US. Of course, no countries that we can't go to with Israeli stamps in our passports, please! Ideally, these are 4 hour or less flights since many of these trips will be long weekends.
Wondering if anyone has any views on which JFK hotels have the most frequent/reliable airport shuttle service. It's hard to find detailed information on hotel websites, and I can see from some tripadvisor reviews that some hotels only have hourly shuttle services (in which case it's probably worth getting a taxi for early morning flights, and I'll price that in when making my choice). Last time I had a 1 night stopover the hotel only operated a small minivan to get to JFK in the early morning (despite using a bigger vehicle the night before), and we had to wait over 10 minutes for the driver to try to squeeze all the passengers and luggage on, with some luggage/passengers ending up on other people's laps, and some left behind.
Hi, I recently had to scan my passport and there must have been red ink on the scanner and there are about ten tiny dots of red ink on my face on the observation page. So not the main photo page but the observation page opposite. Apparently this is minor damage but wanted to get a few opinions. Apart from that the passport is perfect
Has anyone had any experience with American Airlines/Allianz refusing to refund part of an airfare paid for using AA vouchers. This trip was cancelled due to my wife taking ill. SLK
Hi! I'm travelling to Japan with AirAsia transiting via KUL. The return flight will arrive KUL 16,45 o'clock and I have to catch the flight from KUL to BKK at 18,45 o'clock. So the transit time will be 2 hours. I wonder if it's enough to do so. Please give me the advice.
Pack a UK-USA adaptor, all the ex-first choice 767's (which your going on) have individual seat power in the form of 110v USA style sockets.
I am scheduled to fly (all Continental) out of Harrisburg early Saturday morning to Newark to pick up an international flight. The Harrisburg to Newark flight has been canceled for the last two day and there are no other flights that would get me to Newark in time for our international flight. If I drive to Newark instead, will we have a problem just using that part of the ticket (Newark -> international)? I am worried that if I cancel my flight myself they might also cancel my international seat. I do have trip insurance through Expedia. Thank you for your advice, I am an infrequent flier.
hi, i will be travelling on the b773(Not ER)(as per my ticket) in first class to dubai soon. The emirates website says the 773 fleet are on the process of being upgraded. I would like to know if the upgraded ones would be any different than the old style which i found on other reviews which looks more like a business class seat along with a minibar. (I do hope that my flight is a refurbished one since the old style is no different from a business class offered by other ek aircraft)
I'm tryig to find a city around Basel Switzerland that would fly direclty to Barcelona to maximize my time in Barcelona - only have two days. I cannot find a flight (besides easy jet0 that has a direct flight to barcelona so I thought I could take the train to a neighboring city nand fly direct. I am free after 2pm on Friday so want to get to barcelona by Friday night. any suggestions?
the flight is from new orleans to venice marco polo with plenty of time between stops in frankfurt and vienna. No fees like Expedia which charges $9.99. Many of these airlines give too tight times between the layovers, you need at least 2 hours for the passport control and to catch your flight. We have learned the hard way twice on british air to heathrow, they could not get the steplatter to open the plane and we missed our flight to venice and had to get a voucher to Gatwick. Our flight was found on Cheapoair. They have good prices but you do have to search I looked for 3 days to get the flight that gave us a chance that we don't have to run, we are seniors and would rather walk quickly or leisurely.
HI this has gotten to be a little pet peave of mine TSA and Customs are two seperate entities. when you enter USA . you go thru immigration to see if they will allow you entry. then you go thru customs where they look for contrabane. You do not go thru TSA. You only encounter TSA if you have an ownward domestic flight. when you leave USA or have a domestic flight then you go thru TSA security. Customs does not have access to the TSA keys to unlock bags. now I feel better that I got this off my chest. LOL
A fellow overseas traveller has told me today, that even 'roll-on' deodorant (as opposed to the spray variety) is NOT acceptable to take on a flight in a plastic bag as part of hand luggage, because it is flammable! Can this be true? By the way I have checked the deodorant bottle and it does say it's flammable! I'm thinking of personal hygiene during these long-haul flights and of the comfort of surrounding passengers!
I'll be flying with BA and haven't been with them before as this will be my first long haul flight. I was wondering if being in economy seats is there much leg room I'm 5ft 11. I'm i wise to get seated in exit rows for extra leg room or in premium ones?
I'm getting married in May just outside of Edinburgh. We have about 18 people going. Most are staying a week. A few are staying two weeks. Any advice at all on booking flights? It all seems pretty high right now and quite a few of the folks are on a tight budget. Any tips?
Are there any flights from liverpool or manchester airports to girona airport not KLF with two stops and costing £1000's think its ridiculous that we have to fly to barcalona airport then travel for three hours to reach tossa del mar when could be thirty minutes from girona we used to be able to fly there about ten years back Carole Howard
Just received an email from Trip Adviser offering me cheap flights to various destinations including Atlanta where I am flying to next month. Special cheap price with Last Minute, £440, not bad you think. Me to. Flights with KLM and Delta. Great. So next step check price with KLM, £476 plus a credit card charge, back to Last Minute, I mean that's a saving of £36. Go through booking process with Last Minute, £487 plus credit card charge. Now I've lost the £36 saving and they've added on £11. This example shows exactly how these online bookers work, headline price which doesn't exist rising to more than booking direct. Jackie Edited: 5:52 am, March 22, 2013
"Are there any restrictions in place with regards to reading electronic books on an airoplane (eg Kindle or iPad set to ""airplane safe mode"")? Thanks"
Just saw this on the local Bay Area News website nbcbayarea.com/news/local/Air-India-Celebrat… Air India Celebrated International Women's day by having an all women cockpit and the inflight crew. Pretty cool I must say. Though I am still scared of flying that airline based on what colleagues at work say but this is a great thing they did The DW pointed me to this info and she liked it so I thought I would share this on the Air Travel forum
I just have a basic question. How would you rate ONT as an airport for how long luggage takes to get to the baggage claim or flights coming in, traffic, buisness, etc. Thanks in advance.
I'm looking to go to Nepal, Kathmandu in may, From Washington DC. Trying to decide which airline. Quatar is shorter and cheaper, but am concerned with issues in middle east. Singapore avoids the area, but is much longer and slightly more expensive. I've heard great things about Singapore and know nothing about Qatar air. Please help
So I've paid extra ££, already had 20kg now paid for extra 5kg. Im aware that the hold limit is 23kg. So i get 5kg for my carry on, however since I've paid for extra 5kgs can i add that to my carry on to make it 7kgs since I've paid for a extra 5kgs and can't use it for my hold bag?? Thanks.
I've been looking at flights going to New York and returning from Barbados. I've found I can save £100 per person if I go from Dublin but I was wondering if I could skip the first leg of the journey as it goes to London which would be cheaper and easier for me to get too. Flight to New York Dublin 10am (aer lingus). < skip this leg London 1pm (virgin). < start my journey here Flight to uk Barbados 6:05pm (virgin) Hopefully this makes sense any help will be appreciated!!!!!
I noticed that Emirates has posted the restrictions on their website as follows: 22 x 15 x 8 inches (55 x 38 x 20 cm) and must weigh no more than 15 lb (7 kg). I would like to buy a carry on luggage style backpack and found some examples: The Lowe Alpine TT Carry-On 40 55x35x23cm (21x13x9in), and the Kathmandu Litehaul Pack v2 55H x 31W x 23D both of which are specialist carry on luggage style backpacks, yet they exceed the Emirates requirements. What do you think?
What is the rules in America if you miss ur flight due to a delay - all flights are with same airline Thanks
Hi, I've found great deals on a site called lessno.com. actually I was transferred there when I used the searchengine sprice.com. But I wanna know if anyone has booked flights with lessno.com, just to verify I can trust them. thanks!
Which is the better experience ? They both run Boeing 777's and I'd be going to CPT from NCE via either AMS or CDG. Any ideas ? Edited: 11:14 am, September 14, 2015
Just off the plane, there should be a warning about seats 11A & 11F on US Airways 319, the room under seats in front of you are obstructed, limiting the room for storage of carry-ons Mike
I will have a 13 hour layover at Heathrow terminal 2 in December. I won't be able to go into London, so I would like to find out if there are any lounges that have beds , I would love to sleep for at least 6 hours. I wouldn't mind paying as long as I get a safe place to sleep in for a while. Thanks.
DH left an article of value on a plane. Continental confirmed that the flight staff had the article, but no one can find out where or if it was left somewhere or still on a crew members person--DH tired--needs higher up the food chain phone # and name. Any info would be appreciated! dallasailor
We are flying into Toronto, then crossing into the US at Niagara Falls. We know we will be filling out a I-94 form at the Canadian/US border. We will then be travelling to Tampa and flying from there to Toronto. Can anyone advise if we will need an ESTA as we are only flying out of the US?
"Not really a question. More a note of advice. I had my liquid taken off me at Berlin Schonefeld whilst going through security. It was in the liquids bag. They took the view that it is a ""poison"" and confiscated it accordingly. Bizarrely, they had no problem with the ecig unit itself. I tried to fight my case. You can imagine how well that went!"
I have booked an all inclusive holiday with thomas cook and it includes a 15kg hold luggage for each passenger. I have checked in online but it has only checked in 2 of the 3 cases and it will not let me alter this. Doe anyone have any ideas how to amend this, customer services and the FAQs have been no help!
Hi Guys, We are heading to Hawaii with Hawaiian Airlines and my in-laws may be joining us. My father in law is quite a large man and is concerned about 'fitting' in the seats. I've looked up seat guru and found the width but just wondering if anyone has flown on their A330's can give their opinion on if the seats are a comfy width for a bigger person?? Thanks in advance!
We have booked with Thomas Cook to go to Faro. The flight is with Flybe. They say there are legroom seats available but as we booked through TC I have to sort with them. I have yet to get anyone at TC who can do this as they have booked 30 seats on the flight as a group. Wondered if anyone else has succeeded in upgrading in the past? Thanks.
Well there has been some good old fall outs on this thread on ryanair, i personally find them ok and if you stick to the rules your ok. But and this one is for you bigste.................i had to laugh at this www.youtube.com/watch…
We will be arriving at terminal 1 Air Canada operated by Lufthansa at 22h35 and our daughter will be arriving one hour later at 23h35 also at terminal 1 BA (British Airways). What would you be the best place to meet in the airport, as it will be very late. Thanking you in advance
we are 4 adults traveling with a toddler. We would like to sit together but all the middle section seats on Emirates in the sectors we are flying with have 2 bassinets. If I reserve these is there a risk that one if us might be moved? Thanks
Where on the boarding pass for easy jet show that you've paid for the hold luggage , is there ANOTHER pass to print? if so where is it? I have no proof that I paid,except my bank statement thanks for your help, (the spinning top), Phil
took an entire 10 minutes...arrived 3 hours early for my international flight to be on the safe side.
I traveled with my service dog, booked Economy Plus for the legroom. They changed my seat to Economy in the middle seat. When I asked for my original seat they told me to take the seat I was given or they would have me removed from the plane. And they said that I shouldn't worry, as they would refund the extra fee that I had paid. Thanks a lot, United! I didn't want my money back I wanted to fly comfortably. United is interested in filling and moving planes, not in serving customers. In my opinion, United's skies definitely are not friendly. The folks at the desk lied to me (told me that seat 29B was economy plus) and were rude. The flight attendant at the back was insolent. And one of the United staff actually threatened me. There MUST be a better way to travel.
Hi, A friend and I are going next week to Phillipines but we can not reserve the seat with KLM or China Southern on their websites. We can not check details about the flight Beijing-Amsterdam. What should we do? we are leaving in a week
We have booked a thomson flight (flight only). I've contacted thomson twice now and I've had a different response both times. I want to take my 2 year olds car seat. One thomson online advice person said that I may put my car seat in the hold for free (not included in my 20kg) if I did not take a pushchair. Another thomson support via email said that it would have to be included in my 20kg hold weight. Anyone know which one is correct or have checked a car seat in for free (when only booked flight and not on a thomson package). Many thanks for your help.
We will be travelling from the US to Dominica in August. We will change from American Airlines to American Eagle by Executive Airlines in San Juan for the trip to Dominica. My daughter has been told that the checked baggage allowance on the Executive Airlines flights are limited to a total of 70 lbs. This is contrary to the American Airlines/American Eagle website instructions for checked baggage. Has anyone experienced this one way or another when traveling on American Eagle/Executive Airlines in the Caribbean?
Hi, I am travelling to BKK in a few weeks time with China Airlines, via Amsterdam. Can I buy a bottle of whisky in Schipol and carry it with my hand luggage? I am totally confused with the regulations at this stage! Thanks in advance! Joe
Is there a transit lounge at Pudong Airport. We are flying Melbourne to Paris on China Eastern in June this year (2013) with a 5 hour stopover in Shanghai. Trying to find out if there's a transit lounge where we can shower and change.
Hi would anyone know please if there is ever a flight sale with airtransat, I wish to travel from Manchester to Vancouver and back to Manchester from Calgary, in Aug 2015 the prices at the moment are quite high compared to if I wanted to travel at the same time this year Many thanks Ann
Just want to ask a question, hope someone can clarify... My wife holds a Portuguese ID card, the old style laminated paper version, still valid BUT expires in November 2015 With such a short time till expire, can she still travel, I keep getting different answers!!! Planning to go to Portugal in August to renew. Thx in advance.
Hello, I'm headed for Japan soon and I have a Ultron Real Power 15.600MaH powerbank 3.7/5V which rates it lower than 100WH as far as I know. I figure it should be in the luggage you carry inside the plane but is it even allowed? Edited: 8:08 am, April 27, 2016
I'm flying NRT-ORD on a Japan Airlines flight operated by American Airlines. I can't seem to find a way to select my seat for this flight on either Japan Airlines website or on AA's. Anyone know a way to do this?
"I was thinking of buying my husband a piece of Rimowa luggage which he loves the look of. He does a good bit of int'l travel - mostly to Asia - and I'm wondering if this 22x16x8"" bag will be allowed as a carry-on. It's called a 'cabin trolley' and the vendor says it's legal, but I believe the limit is 45"" and this one is 46"". I can't seem to find a 20"" from Rimowa. Thanks for any advice you might have."
Hi all. Is a 1hr 5min connection possible on a single ticket in Hong Kong? Thanks in advance Regards Edited: 4:18 pm, June 03, 2016
So found this great deal on a Royal Caribbean cruise and trying to figure out which airport in the Fort lauderdale area is least expensive to fly into from Seattle with shuttle service to the ship. Flying straight into FLL is almost as much as the cruise it self!
Why are there no flights from Stansted to Larnaca. People have been using Stansted for years. Essex is a big county and Luton and Gatwick are a long way. Because of this, I will no longer be able to travel with TUI. If flights resume, I will be back like a shot. Otherwise farewell Ayia Napa
just a shout-out to the crew on our flight from IAD to LHR on 9/23. The flight was, I will admit, only half full so we could spread out a bit and the crew was so friendly and very helpful The economy meal was pretty darn good, too with the gelato for dessert a surprise. We arrived on time (6 am) at terminal 2 which was a first for us who are used to the prior terminal 1 (I think or terminal 2 has had a massive face-lift). Our bags arrived unscathed from our departure at SMF. All in all it was a great start to our three weeks in Europe. Thanks United !
Hi all, I keep seeing lots of cabin bags 50x40x22cm this is over the Ryanair dimensions by 2cms. Will this fit into the cagey thing? I can't find any hard case that's smaller! I am definitely wanting a hard case.
Is there a way to access these from the iPhone mobile app? If not I hope they make this available soon.
I am happy that Aurela are not supplying Monarch anaymore, but they have also used a Slovakian airline which also ran into to trouble a couple of months ago, with a Mayday call heard by passengers had to emergency land in France. Are Monarch still leasing East European planes this year, as I am very worried now, especially being a nervous passenger and am due to fly with them to Portugal early October????
We will be taking the train up to NYC from Philly and then the subway to JFK for a 5:30 PM Aer Lingus flight. I'm reading horror stories about the extra long lines for security caused by the sequester. How much earlier should we get to JFK? Would 2 hours be enough or should we add an hour or two?
Hello, Am flying on a US flight today and with my Aeroplan altitude status don't pay the checked luggage fees of the $25 , but for a flight I booked with Aeroplan in the Online Check In it comes up as wanting the fee , is this normal ? Thanks
Hi Im flying out on gulf air soon from lhr-bah-bkk for the first time ive read and heard good and bad things about gulf has any1 travelled on this airline id like 2 hear of your experiences either good or bad thanks shane
I have been away so have I missed something. I have just booked two FR flights (August and September) and all sectors had zero taxes showing a big savings on flights I booked last November for June departures. I cannot believe it is a website costings error so is this a new policy of including taxes in the initial flight fee,at last, to meet EEC regulations? Pricing now looks very very competitive.
Hi all, Has anyone flown with us airways from Glasgow via Philly lately. I would like to know if they used the planes that have the overhead tv screens on your own individual back seat tv. I know it is a 757 but according to seat guru their are 4 versions of this plane in the US airways fleet. Thanks
Please : looking for advice/experiences with airlines offering reasonably-priced fares in a seating class higher than economy. Am claustrophobic and can't do longer flights in economy. Am traveling in late May/June 2010 --destination under consideration, but likely Zurich, Frankfurt, and am open to options, as will be taking the train around Europe an can do that from many starting points.. Thank you.
What is an originating flight? Flying from LHR to ORD and then from ORD to CMH (ORD is the connection). Which is the originating flight? Sorry if this is a stupid question
as it says really............on for the next week or so, I just bagged a bargin Manchester to Las Vegas for £326!
We are flying in just under two weeks and I've been trying to find a way to cram the belongings of 4 people into 2 medium sized suitcases. :) I was able to do it with the use of compression bags, but then I had a dreadful thought- will TSA open these to search them? If they do I might have a problem, since I really doubt they would take the time to roll the air out of each bag again and pack them back up lol. So I might have to cave and pay for the third checked bag if that is the case. :/ Does anyone have experience with these?
"I am resident in the U.K. My sister who lives in Antigua wants to visit the U.K. I have found it is cheaper for me to book flights ""on line"" from here in the U.K. than it is for her to book from Antigua, is this legal and within ""airline"" rules. Can anyone out there advise me. I have phoned two of the major operators but their advise is ambiguous to say the least. Thanks in advance. J.M.B."
Possibly a very stupid question but am I right to assume that if you have two passports you need a separate ESTA registered for each one?
Can anyone please advise which airline is better? I need to book flights from Manchester to Orlando. I have had a price from both airlines and there is not much difference so i am going to go with whichever is the better one.......trouble is ive never flown with either, can anyone help? Many thanks
Dear Community I am travelling from UK to Chicago for a holiday and trying to plan a trip to Raleigh from Chicago. I know how to get good prices within Europe (through price comparison sites...etc) but not sure how to find the best air fare in US regional flights. Travelling with a chilld. Appreciate any guide on this from US experts. Thanks
Hi Travelling by myself to Santiago from Sydney with Qantas. I have a choice of seat 5B by itself downstairs or row 14 upstairs on the exit. Any particular favourites and has anyone flown the row 5 seats? All the reviews say they are both pretty good. Thinking of upper of the way over and 5B coming back
Hi We are flying from the north terminal and are undecided as to wether to stay at the sofitel and have the luxury of being able to walk into the airport, or at the best western. Accoring to the web site Sofitel move your car to a secure car park, Does anybody have any experience of this, as we are nervous about people moving our car
Does anyone know whether wine boxes are available in the Terminal 2 duty free, please?
I thought you might like to read the recent interview I had with Matt Daimer, the founder of SeatGuru. travel-rants.com/2008/… Let' me know what you think Darren :)
Is 1.5 hours sufficient time to clear customs and make it to a connecting flight in SLC? The flight from Paris CDG arrives at SLC at 1:30pm and departs at 2:55pm. I know this is tight, but is it feasible?
I recently took a flight to tenerife with Monarch from Gatwick. We booked legroom seats 3A and 3B their and the same seats to come back on. Flights out were fine but the flight back was not as our airplane was changed to a three three three configuration so our seats which were still 3A and 3B were so small in width we could only just sit in them and when our meal was brought round we could not put the tables down to eat our meals as the tables were in the armrests hence the reason the seats were not very wide. When i mentioned this to the airhostess she just told me to sit up! Is this right? Should we not have been advised of the change of plane and also given either better seats (if there were any) or a refund on our flight?
Hello, I've been recommended to show the TA Air Travel forum my topic I created in the Barcelona forum, so I'm doing it. I didn't know this forum really existed, so I believe I might get a better answer here perhaps. You can find the topic below. tripadvisor.com/…23145766 Thank you! Edited: 11:50 pm, December 05, 2009
I have a question so my canadian fiance had already came to vist over a bridge to america and now we want to fly from michigan to flordia by plane. now becuse he's already crossed into america dose he have to go though us customs agin when we fly to flordia?
Hello everyone I have an upcoming flight that is from LAS - PHX - ORD - MAN. The PHX-ORD-MAN segment is with American Airlines but the initial LAS-PHX is on US Airways. I'm just wondering what will happen to our baggage. It's all on the same ticket so I'm presuming its tagged all the way through to MAN? We have just a 45 min connection time between landing in PHX and getting the AA flight to ORD, and so we're not sure if we have to collect our baggage from the carousel and drop it somewhere or if it will be transferred for us so we don't have to worry about it after checking in at LAS, Anyone with experience/knowledge of this can help ease our minds? Thanks!
I just booked a flight on American Airlines to Tokyo and when I saw the break down of my fare, I learned that $271 of that fare were for Taxes and Carrier Imposed Fees. Can someone please explain to me what Taxes and Carrier Imposed fees are and why I'm paying so much? From the research I've done online, these fees have typically applied only through British Airways and Iberia. Why am I being charged this on an AA flight?
I am booking a flight to London from Minneapolis. We booked our leg from MSP to KEF which gets in at 6:30 am, but we are trying to decide which flight to book to London. We want to allow for enough time to go through passport check and go back through security. There is a 10:15am flight to London, an 11am flight, and a 4:10. If we book the 11am flight, is that enough time to change airlines?
"""It is also true that a carrier *can* DB a passenger at ANY point they choose to do, regardless if a paper (or electronic) boarding pass has been printed and/or given to the passenger, OR even if they've already boarded the aircraft.."" Dear GopiB, the topic was closed before i could thanks you for the useful information...and seek one more clarification How do you know ""it is true"" that a carrier can Deny Boarding to a passenger at any point is there a rule you have read somewhere ? can you share."
Anybody can explain this: Europe-Mexico (Round trip) is 50% cheaper than same flight, but trip starting in Mexico. This applies to all major airlines. (example MEX-MUC vs MUC-MEX) Since my trip starts in Mexico, I pay 50% more to visit my family in Europe than they pay to fly to visit me! Any way to avoid this madness? (I have tried VPN tricks but prices were the same) Edited: 11:38 am, December 18, 2015
Hi I have booked a holiday to Majorca through TR flying with monarch from London Gatwick on 22nd June 14 and I have noticed I haven't had any info on API however I rang TR and they said it does not need to be done until check in but the lady said she would input the details for me and my friend. I then rang monarch the next day to confirm this had been done even though they said it wasn't compulsory. When the lady at monarch checked details a few things were put through wrong like passport number etc so she amended it. However if It was to be wrong and we got to gatwick to check in would they stop us flying as its been submitted or would they just amend it at check in for us to the correct details?
"I rebooked flights with credit i have with a major us airline. i called my ""local"" number and got thru to their call center in the Us- no prblem, booked the flights...but i stillhavent got my confirmation email. The airline call center staff member said the information would be sent to thei London office and they would confirm/.send out confirmation. It is appearing on ""my account"" when I put in my confirmation number on their website, but as yet I have no eticket. Why would it be taking so long. Am worried. Plus, when i call, i only ever get thru to the US call center. Whats ur opinion, please?"
Can you help what are my sons rights he just had his easyjet flight cancelled from bristol to nantes with 2 hours to go. Alternative flight offered at 5 times the original cost and compensation offered at reduced rate. Can they do this and have any other people suffered same fate?
On 747-400 where is the personel IFE situated for seats next to the exit doors? I see that the tray tables are in the armrests but no mention on the IFE.
Hi just been looking on the va website to book seats ive theres 2 icons what im bot sure on its a icon what has 2 z'a ao im assuming its something to do with sleeping ? But not sure . Just wondering what they are for selecting seats
We are leaving London Heathrow for Dubai on Emirates at 2040hr (8.40PM) but would like to check our bags in earlier in the day. This is so we can do a bit more sightseeing before we leave the UK. Does anyone know how long before a flight you can check in luggage on Emirates at LHR Terminal 3?
Hi all - I'm kind of new to air travel and I would appreciate anyone's advice. I am flying into Dulles from Heathrow with a 1.5hr layover to connect to NYC. I'm worried that may not be enough time but I'm a US citizen and I'm not checking any luggage so I'm hoping that will speed up the process. Thoughts?
"Flying Spokane-Portland-LAX-Sydney on one Qantas ticket. Looks like bags should be interlined (though I have to clear customs with them in LAX), but what are the fees? QF has 2 free bags, but AS charges something like $20 per bag for domestic flights and ""Through January 2013 customers making international connections to other airlines within twelve hours of arriving in the connection city, may follow the baggage allowance and weight restrictions of the international airline if there is a baggage agreement in place"" Anyone know if that clause still applies? Will the fees apply or not?"
I believe that a 2nd bag is allowed in addition to a carryon. What is the permitted dimensions of the 2nd bag. Can't find any info on this on their website. Thanks.
Tried contacting the airline but to no avail anyone have any knowledge of which aircraft will be used as they have utilised an all economy cabin and i aint a happy bunny after paying for an upgrade. I have a 2nd hand message that they are pulling in an Airbus 330 300 from their Scandinavian operations.Any one throw any light on it.
We will be flying from Las Vegas to Cancun via Dallas and have two options. Option one arrives at Dallas at 10.46am and departs at 11.50am, so just over an hour of stopover. The second option arrives in Dallas at 10.46am and departs at 1.45pm so just over 3 hours of stopover. My preference is obviously for the shorter option to be in Mexico earlier but is this enough time? We are UK passport holders but will have been in Las Vegas for 4 days prior so assume we will have already cleared immigration and won’t have to do this again.
It's rather a good news / bad news scenario for those using LHR and LGW for connecting flights. Let us hope the robust security screening processes come into place sooner rather than later. britishairways.com/travel/… www.heathrowairport.com - see the Quick Links on the left of the page, with Cabin Baggage latest the first item listed (url is too long to post)
I have booked a vacation package to Dominican Republic through Cheap Caribbean. Flying from Boston.Booking on line I put my first name where the last should be and vise versa.American Airlines says they can not change the name but can send a note along with ticket.Cheap Caribbean says the same but can not guarantee boarding.My option is to buy another ticket at full fare or take a chance that they will board me.My ticket name matches my passport but backwards.Any ideas?
I'm confused, we flew from Gatwick to Sanford with Thomas Cook about 5 years ago. And I was told only a couple of months ago by their customer service line that they don't fly from Gatwick any more. Just read a post on the Disney forum someone's just flown with them from Gatwick! Did they stop for a while?
ok, so I just got off the SouthWest website....and they say that car seats over 16 inches wide will not fit in the seat. Both of mine are 18 inches. Now I am scrambling to find an FAA approved car seat, 16 inches wide or less, for a 5 yeard old with sutism. Babies R Us website doesnt list if any are FAA approved or not. Does anyone have any suggestions???? Leave in 7 days.
"I am trying to choose my seats on ""manage my booking""...using seat guru as a guide,but the cabin layout is completely different compared to what seat guru layout says....help !...any ideas..? (Boeing 777 3 class.) Thanks folks."
JNB- Dubai 777 300 ER, took a 18c seat as the website says standard website but the seat ahead has a entertainment box below so stretching leg is impossible. Surprised u guys say standard seats
Apologies if this is an obvious question. Booked a flight with a credit card that I no longer have (was lost). Airlines states card needs to be shown at check in. If I check in online and do not have any hold luggage I am assuming I do not need to show the card to anyone at the airport? Many thanks
I'll be travelling from Sydney to Yogyakarta on Garuda next month and must change from the international flight to the domestic flight at Denpasar. There is only 1hr and 40mins between arrival of the international flight and departure of the domestic flight and so I'm concerned about making the flight, given the time it takes to be processed through immigration, etc and the walk from the international terminal to the domestic terminal. Has anyone done this?
Hi All I have seen and heard main many horror stories whilst travelling, so just wondered if anybody has any funny stories to tell either at the airport or during the flight itself?
Don't know if anyone will be able to tell me this, but I fly out to Paphos next Tuesday June 5th with Thomas Cook Airlines from Manchester. Does anyone know if it is a 757-200 or 300 series whichdoes the route? Any help would be greatly appreciated! Thanks
We are heading from Kyiv to Paris (charle de gaulle), and then from Paris to Marrakech (in different airlines, the first one is Ukrainian one and the last one is British easyJet). Some of us don't have visa for Paris, so I am interested is it possible to transit without going through the passport control in Paris, considering that our luggage won't be automatically re-registered for the next flight. (I. e., is there luggage claim in the transit zone in Paris.) Thank you.
I am looking for a place that can fix my broken luggage lock in Toronto. My luggage was missing when I arrived at Toronto, and the airline found itand delivered back to me after 4 days, of course they will open the luggage, but mine is not an outside lock. It is this kind of lock (…wikimedia.org/wikipedia/…220px-Suitcase2.jpg), so there is no way I can buy another new lock to lock my luggage anymore, the only way is to fix it, but do not know where I can fix it, any ideas? Thank you. Edited: 7:18 pm, January 07, 2014
I'm going to be having a 23 hour layover in Incheon in February (7:30 pm Friday to 6:30 pm Saturday). I was interested in doing a tour of the DMZ through the USO. The tour begins at 7:30 am on Saturday at Camp Kim and finishes at 3:30 pm at the same camp. I feel that I would be able to fit this in, but I wanted to get some other opinions to see if this tour would be feasible to do.
If you've checked in online for Jet2 but have baggage to drop off, do Jet2 have designated bag drop desks at Manchester T1 and Pisa like EasyJet do at Liverpool?
Hi, we want to check in online in Australia before leaving for the US ... are there facilities at LAX airport to do the boarding pass print-out and bag drop or do we need to go to a counter? The website doesn't list which airports do or don't have self check-in that I can find. Thanks.
Hello I wonder if you can help me please... I fly from Birmingham to Amsterdam on the 20th of February and my name is spelt ------ instead of ------ I have been told that a note has been attached to my account. Have been told to not check in online and report to the KLM desk. I booked through tripsta and been told they can not correct the mistake. Will this be a problem at the airport?
Apologies if this has been posted before but it made me chuckle so thought I would share it. Some funny flight announcements southafrica.to/transport/…Kulula-humour.php5
Flying to Las Vegas in Premium and seat map opens in two days! Don't have a clue of what seats are to pick. Would it be upper deck or main cabin? Want to make the best choice for flight - travelling in a couple
Will be booking for a day need something very comfy and from the pictures on here the HAMPTON looks nicer than the Sofitel? Would have thought the Sofitel would look nicer Anyone recommendations as to which to chose. Almost the same price for my night so wanted to treat myself but the traveller pictures have me confused.... Sofitel looks more run down for a top brand. Thanks all
Can anyone tell me if there are any Gluten-free dining options in this Terminal and if so which?
My wife and I are looking at travelling from Calgary to Prague and KLM seems to be a bit cheaper than other airlines. Is it worth the savings or will we be regretting our decision?
Will this only affect flights to and from Spain or will other countries like Portugal be affected. Does anyone know?
I want to fly to Japan in september 2013. Which airline would you recommend: allitalia, swissair or austrian airlines? The prices match, but we're doubting related to service, comfortable seats, food... Thanks!
Hi, we have booked our Virgin tickets from Brisbane to LAX and return and wanted to know if overbooking seats has affected travellers out there. We booked online and chose our seats specifically because i have had two operations on my knees and need to have a seat where i can get out of the seat easily and excercise my legs, so we have booked a b and c seat the c seat on the aisle. I would hate to think we went to all the expense and then being asked to surrender our seats as we have booked 8 months in advance. Also Virgin do not have a web check-in on international flights only domestic. Has anyone had this problem as i am now a bit worried.
We have a flight with Qatar airways from Phuket to Kuala Lumpur, and then flights with Emirates back to the UK. They are seperately ticketed, but I was wondering if there was any chance at checkin at Phuket that the bags could be checked all the way back to the UK, or are we going to have to pick up bags at KLIA and do a seperate Emirates checkin. We've got plenty of time to do so, just it would be a bit of a rigmarole. Thanks Edited That of course should read -check our bags - but I can't edit the title. Edited: 11:36 am, February 02, 2012
I have read the website and I want some clarification if anyone can help please I am taking a checked in bag (which does not have my skis in ) as part of 23kg allowance Do I have to pay extra for me skis? I am probably being slow on the uptake but did not think it was clear on website??
hi,flew into phuket from heathrow in october 2010 with malaysia airlines for £576 pp. looking for the same route this year and prices coming in at £700 plus which is a big leap ...........so was last year a really good deal or have prices gone up that much???
Hi there, Planning a long haul flight from Jakarta to Oslo and I am wondering which airlines would be best? There is $400 difference between Emirates and Turkish, Emirates being the more expensive. Pros of Emirates: Chauffeur driven Massive airport Cons: More expensive 777-300ER which means 2-3-2 seatings, angled bed and no bar Let me know what you think. Thanks
Which is the best gateway airport in California for connections to HI? TIA
Can any one advise about how to get from Dulles to either Ronald Reagan airport or Baltimore airport. Is there a frequent shuttle?
After 40 minutes googling and browsing the BA website (even trying to actually buy the tickets), I haven't yet understood how much will I pay to change the date of my return. The only helping thing I've found is this paragraph, but following their logic I should buy the ticket first to see what type is it. What type of ticket do you have? If you're unsure of the type of ticket you have, you can log into Manage My Booking to find out. By selecting your flight and then clicking on the Change / Cancel booking option you can see whether or not changes can be made free of charge, with a charge, or not at all. Could you help me? Edited: 12:35 pm, April 08, 2015
http://www.rte.ie/news/2010/0119/air.html ryanair.com/en/…100119-IAA_STRIKE_20_JAN-GB http://www.aerlingus.com/cgi-bin/obel01im1/Services/disruption_2001.jsp?BV_SessionID=@@@@1390689674.1263931610@@@@&BV_EngineID=ccceadejgmgdgklcefecfigdffgdfkg.0&P_OID=0&Category=3 Edited: 3:07 pm, January 19, 2010
Hey all, I'm travelling on QF1 to London via Dubai later in the year. Just hoping someone can give me some recent insight on what the in flight menu options are and whether access to the self-service snack bar is readily available. I've managed to score economy seat 36K, but I've read a couple of other places that the staircase leading down to the snack-bar is 'roped' off - just want to know if I'll need to plan ahead to bring my own snacks on-board or if I should try for a seat change if I'm going to have issues. Thanks!!
Can anyone help please, I am trying to find reviews on the above ticket agency thanks
If you're arriving into O'Hare's International Terminal 5 there's been some staffing issues with Immigration officers (or lack thereof). Over the last week, between 1500-1700 local, we've seen up to 3 hours wait time before you're processed and able to claim your bag.
I've heard that Air Asia are intent on flying from Australia to Bangkok direct later this year .Does anyone know the truth of this? Thanks
I always use Kayak, etc, to search for flights, then buy direct from the airline. This time, it's not working out that way... I'm trying to get from upstate NY (Ithaca, Syracuse) to Managua, Nicagragua. I'm getting a great deal ($250 less than airlines) through Orbitz and Priceline. The deal is with Copa Airlines. Although the US flights are code-share with United, Copa won't even let me choose an upstate NY airport, so no luck booking direct from them. United.com, for the same flights, is much more expensive. Although I can get flights on American, it's the cost that's luring me to the Orbitz price. As long as I don't have to make any changes to my itinerary once it's booked, I can't see why I shouldn't go for it...but going 3rd party always make me a tad nervous. Thoughts/advice?
I booked both of us our return flights for next month, and I've noticed it is only my name as both passengers. So basically it's done like I've booked flights for two people with the exact same name(mine). Would easyjet understand that this is an obvious error and possible correct it for me without a fee? Thanks.
Just to let you know I live near Heathrow and Gatwick. There is a flight I want to book which goes DUBLIN - LONDON HTW - LAX (which is fine we are going to have a nice night in Dublin before we fly) With the return flight being LAX- LONDON HTW, then airport transfer (about an hour away) to Gatwick, with the next flight being GAT-DUB. My question is what would happen if I didnt transfer to Gatwick from Heathrow and just drove home, I have to collect all my baggage before I leave airport. I dont collect air points, I dont fly a lot so am not worried about any air miles or anything, I am booking it online. I just want to make sure there is not a fine. Will they even bother to ask me? Thanks
I'm wondering if anyone can tell me... I have found a flight from Dublin to Glasgow that arrives in Glasgow Int Airport at 7.55am and then a flight to Barra that departs at 8.50am. Is this doable?
My current plan is something along the lines of... Checking out of my Tokyo hotel early morning of 25 October NRT - ICN leaving at 13.00hrs, arriving at 15.25hrs Over 8 hours transit at ICN ICN - DXB leaving at 23.55hrs, arriving at 04.50hrs 26 October Over 9 hours transit at DXB DXB - LHR leaving at 14.30hrs, arriving at 19.15hrs So if I wake up at say 7am in Tokyo on the morning of 25 October, the next time I could sleep would be when I'm back home at around late night of 26 October. But remember the effects of timezone shifts and jetlag. I would have been flying for over 18 hours at that point (not including taxis to airports etc.). If I had stayed on 'Tokyo time' for the whole journey, it would amount to something like 52 hours. Doable? Edited: 12:24 pm, July 25, 2011
This is in today's Dail Mail - the EU say passports are valid up to the date of expiry but EasyJEt are imposing their own rules, one person has already been refused flying.... www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2344934
I have just noticed there is a company offering VIP treatment through Montego Bay airport,it consists of escorted by staff off plane through passport control,immigration and case retrieval. And on. return executive lounge and same as above for £100 for two people,after last years waiting for 2 hours in the heat it sounds a good service,any comments please
I have upcoming flights with UA which includes a layover in IAD and have access to the UA Club Lounges (at Gates C7, C17 or D8). My flight should depart from one of the C Gates (normally C23). I have no experience of the lounges at IAD - does anybody with knowledge or experience have an opinion if any of them is better than the others or should I just use the one closest to my departure gate. Thanks in advance for any information.
dont ,forget when booking a flight with them,,jet2, to click on the no bags/cases,box,,on the, luggage,box. when you are booking your flight,,i did it on a bodrum,flight,,booking,/ and click on next, and UP pops, a book, your seats FREE,,if you book 22,k,of luggage, each, now,,the diss,, with show at end of booking on the final,,amount,,,, saved u a bit there, Edited: 6:36 am, May 19, 2012
"Has anyone made this trip recently. I'm booked on an overnight flight from Singapore to Adelaide - Business Class and I would like to know if it has ""flat beds"""
Hi All, Looking for recommendations on a reliable, reasonably priced luggage forwarding service for domestic flights here in the U.S. If anyone has personal experience with a company, positive or negative, I'd love to hear it. Thanks!
Now that's a complicated one. Had to change my passport so that my name spelling matches that of the visa on an expired passport. Name on ticket is with the same spelling as the changed invalid passport. So I have 3 passports- valid and new with the same name as the expired passport with the visa, expired passport and the passport I just changed but whose name spelling matches that of the ticket. Is this a problem? So name on ticket is with a different spelling than name on newest passport, which I issued on purpose to have the name match the visa.
We will be at a wedding in Spain and then traveling for 2 weeks by plane and train. I want to send our formal clothes and shoes back home so we don't drag them around with us. Can you help me determine the best way to send a box or suitcase of these clothes back home? Thanks.
Thought i'd put this up for reference this is the Menizes Lounge at Terminal 1 Prague airport as used by BA. http://youtu.be/h2b6yCx6EjM filmed 30th December 2011
has anyone tried out the new skycouch seats on Air NZ yet? If so what did you think?
This comes up a lot, so this article, from the Ask the Captain column in USA Today, is timely... …usatoday.com/experts/…1
Is the front section of business class a better choice than the smaller business cabin nearer the bar ie quieter/better service? Or is it just the same. I am wondering which seats and cabin to choose. Any comments or experience would be welcome. Thanks
Hi, Me and my wife have a flight with China Eastern Airlines from Beijing to Shanghai and 2 days later with China United Airlines back to Beijing, I cant find the answer, we can bring up to 1 baggage per ticket, up to 20KG, but what if we have ANOTHER baggage up to 20KG? we need to pay the 1.5% * fare ticket? all info I found is if the baggage over 20KG. Thanks
I'm hoping someone can help me with this... I'm wanting to email emirates to ask if I can take my wedding dress in my hand luggage as I can't help but worry if I don't have it with me at all times. I'm wanting confirmation it will be ok so I can then print the email out and take with me just Incase I get to Manchester airport and there are any quandaries. Has anyone emailed them before and got this confirmation or does anyone have an email address you can help me with so that I can contact them with regards to this. Only 8 weeks to go now :-) Many thanks!!
United decided to not go along with its plan to end complimentary hot meals in economy on some international flights. Hot meals will be included on all Trans-Atlantic and Pacifc international flights again from all UA airports in all classes. Here is the email: Dear Mr.(snip), Thank you for your direct, candid feedback on the test we had planned to launch in the fourth quarter for food choices on some of our flights. We heard you and have decided not to move forward with the test of offering customers buy-on-board options in United Economy on certain trans-Atlantic flights. We will continue to offer complimentary hot meals on those flights. The response from you and many of our corporate customers, even before we launched the test, told us what we would have undoubtedly learned had we proceeded - you value our hot meal service in economy class for international flights. In this environment, where higher costs driven by volatile fuel prices are now the norm, we must continue to tailor products and services so that we provide you with choices and competitive fares. As such, we will continue to be proactive in testing new ideas. On October 1, we will proceed with the test of new, complimentary options for United Business customers on three-cabin aircraft used for domestic routes, which represents 16 daily flights. Customers on these flights will receive complimentary fresh sandwiches, salads, breakfast, snack boxes or snacks, depending on the length of flight and time of departure. They will also continue to enjoy complimentary beverages, including beer, wine and cocktails. We will evaluate the results and determine next steps by the end of the year. It's also important to note that full meals will still be served on our p.s. transcontinental flights. Thank you again for your feedback. We will continue to listen and make changes that enable us in this environment to provide you with the choices you value. Sincerely, Graham Atkinson Chief Customer Officer
"Hi, I'm wondering if it is possible to change the 'return' round trip flights to another departure location?... I originally bought the round trip tickets: ""Toronto->China"" and ""China->Toronto"". In between I'm also planning on going to other nearby countries(Hongkong, Taiwan, Japan). I haven't bought other tickets yet, including the last flight from ""Japan->China"" (the one I'm trying to avoid buying right now) The reason that I bought the roundtrip instead of one way was because originally I was planning on going back to China again after my trips for couple weeks then return to Toronto. But right now something came up and I will have to return early... Basically, I'm asking if there's a way to change my return roundtrip flight from ""china->toronto"" to ""japan->toronto""? so I won't have to buy another ticket from japan to china just to get on the return flight. :( Please let me know what would be the best option for me. Thankss :)"
I booked a flight to London on British Airways a couple of months ago for August . When I wanted to choose my seat I was shocked to find out that unless I pay $30.00 I can't choose a seat until 24 hours before the flight.This is the first time I saw this practice for a standard, not special seat. I really need an aisle seat , but I'm sure it'll be too late to secure one. I certainly paid enought for the ticket and don't see any reason to give more money for something that never cost money until now. Just thought I would let you travelers know about it. Very disappointed.
I am Vietnamese. On 25 July 2016, my application visa was denied by the Consulate General in Ho Chi Minh City, and one denial stamp was put on the last page of my passport. The reason why I applied for the visa because I planned to visit Jeju Island in 2 days and then to spend 6 next days in Seoul. However, because my application was denied, I intend to change my plan that I will visit Jeju Island only without going to Korea mainland. I will have a direct flight from Shanghai to Jeju Island without transiting at any airport on the Korea mainland. My question is that whether I am able to visit Jeju Island after being denied for visa? With the denial stamp on the passport, am I still allowed to enter Jeju? As I know, Jeju Island has the free entry visa policy. However, I am concerning that due to the denial stamp, I am not entitled to enjoy such policy. Since my trip will start on 10 September 2016, your quick response would be appreciated. Thanks in advance. P/S: Is there anyone having experience on this one before?
For those of you who are not familiar with Westjet, it is a Canadian discount carrier that we have flown for years. It has been very solid and reliable for us and is our domestic airline of choice. However, Westjet seems to be encountering some problems, seemingly from its conversion to a new reservation system. I am trying to book a domestic flight using travel credits from a previous cancellation. (I have been trying for 24 hours.) The wait to speak to a customer service rep is currently 45 - 60 minutes and they warn you that they can only accept credit card payment at this time. I have looked online, but it is the same situation. In the meantime, the current seat sale deadline is fast approaching. Are there any Westjetters (or anyone else) out there who can provide some clarification as to what is going on and how long before it is sorted out (i.e., I can use my travel credits)? Thanks so much.
"So... I booked a flight with Aeromexico from London to Mexico City yesterday evening, at a pretty awesome price (compared to BA/Air France/KLM). HOWEVER, since I made the booking I have already had 3 pretty stressful phonecalls with a travel agency called ""Bravo Travel"" who seem to be processing the booking. The English Aeromexico website doesn't seem completely finished yet and didn't ask for any of my personal details, such as date of birth, nationality, passport etc., so these have to be given over the phone. This is where the problems started, as the person from 'Bravo Travel' doesn't speak English and cannot understand me. And I, on the other hand, am extremely confused and frustrated that I can't speak to Aeromexico directly (or email them, for that matter). Am I the first person to use this new Aeromexico route, or has someone else on here already tried them and can help me?? I can't seem to talk to anyone who can write down my passport details correctly! I am already stressed out because now I think there'll be something wrong with the ticket... :( Any input would be much appreciated!"
I know that Silk is a subsidiary of Singapore Airlines, but do they support the ability to check baggage through and connect airside? or does Silk work as an independent 'budget' point-to-point airline? I am looking at a flight schedule that has 2 hours between arriving into Singapore (Changi SIN) at 05:55 (T3) on a Singapore Airlines flight, departing on a Silk Air flight at 07:55 (T2). If I can check baggage right through at the start of my journey and simply transit airside from T3 to T2, I think this will work. If I have to get my baggage, pass immigration, re-check in and pass back thro' immigration it won't! Grateful for any advice. Cheers, Mark
I am traveling soon with my two kids aged 12 and 14. Both if them are relatively fussy eaters and would prefer a child's meal on the plane. I am trying to use the Cathay Pacific manage my booking page to select specific meals for them, and the drop down menu won't give me the child's meal option where you get to select a special meal. Child's meal is showing in the confirmation for my 12yo, but this was confirmed by that travel agent who made the booking for us 10 months ago. Now when I go into that menu the CHML option is no longer there. So, my question is - is it likely that this option only appears for passengers on a child's fare? I tried ringing them last night but after being in the queue for 30+ minutes I abandoned the mission.
On a flight from Mumbai to Brussels (Brussels airlines) and then switching airlines for flight from Brussels to Chicago (United Airlines) - will we have to go through customs in Brussels?
Do Jet 2.com have in flight entertainment handset players on sale from Manchester? Ive heard that Jet2 flying from Leeds have them but maybe not Manchester as yet. Does anyone know? x
Hi! I was wondering if anyone could help me! I've booked for extra legroom seats on the 787 (Thomson) for my flight from Gatwick to the Dominican Republic. I was just wondering, where are the inflight entertainment screens for these seats? Or do they not have them?
So you chose your window seat but now you are feeling maybe you should have chosen an aisle seat . Or maybe you wished another different seat might have been available. When you do your once a week check on your reservaton and seat asignment, if a better seat is available, click on it . If you can't get it the website will tell you . But often, if it is available, you can!
tripadvisor.co.uk/…55565244 Please see the link above for some diverging views. Someone has suggested that I consult with the experts here. The question for me is whether to book my flights direct with Royal Brunei or save £40 a head by booking through Travelbag online, who are an appointed agent.
Appreciate TA responses to my previous inquiry for this trip in First on either Delta, American or United. Now, because of FF miles and favorable schedule, I have another option of using USAir through LAS out and PHX back. Airbus 320 out and Airbus 321/319 back. My concern is many reviews that USair service is lousy. Please advise.
Hi, I tried to buy my ticket from lstanbul to Amsterdam via Go to gate and the web site charged me two times with no confirmed flight ticket. Any idea about recharged terms. Thank you Cihan
Hello, everyone. I'm not sure if I'm posting this in the right spot, but I'm not really sure where else to post this. I am going to be traveling to Scotland in mid-January. The dates are already set, as I have already confirmed the time off from work. Unfortunately, I need to book a Saturday flight both ways, due to work, otherwise I lose out in time in the UK. Anyway, I'm having trouble figuring out when to book it. Is it best to book it now, or should I wait a few weeks/months? The cheapest flights I'm seeing right now are around $1,070 for a roundtrip flight from Albany, NY to Glasgow, Scotland. Any advice?
I was wondering if anyone could tell me what security is like at t8 ( yes I have posted other security related posts b4 last one I promise!) does this terminal have backscatter scanners, millimeter wave units or walk through metal detectors Any info would be greatly appreciated Cheers
Can someone advise me on the cheapest and best way for air travel from Perth to New York or some place on the east coast. Every flight I have looked at is over 2000. Travel dates are dec 16 to Jan 25. approx. HELP HELP
I have a 12 hour layover ion LHR, and 2 different PNR numbers. ( AA and BA) AA said they could check my bag through to final destination as long as I show proof of other ticket. Does any know if I still have to clear customs with my checked bag and then re check? I am planning to kill sometime in the city and would like to do this as easy as possible.
"Guys, I will arrive from Siem Reap 16:20 at DMK (flying AirAsia). And I have a connection flight to HKG in the same airport, at 17:20. I do not have any bags. Is 1 hour long enough for an Air Asia ""connection"" at DMK? Without bags? Thanks a lot!"
Hi Has anyone used the Brussels Airlines flight to Nairobi at £1500 for four people it is really cheap and its from our local airport The flight refuels in Burundi on the journey to Nairobi Thought I would ask before booking just in case it awful Thanks
Hello... I have Tinnitus and will be taking a non-stop flight with an A340 cross country. I will be wearing my headphones, but wanted to see what your opinions are for the quietest seat in Economy. I know being in front of wings or on top is the best for noise from my experience, however, economy starts from a little behind the middle of the wing. I'm considering taking row 24, in the middle as the sides are not available. Thoughts? Here is a map of the plane: seatguru.com/airlines/Swiss_Airlines/Swiss_A…
I am travelling from Manchester to Cancun on the 25th dec 9am and i ve just learned that i was supposed to submit my API info 72h before and obviously its too late and it sais i wont be able to fly :'(((((. Will i still be able to check in at the airport? Edited: 7:16 pm, December 22, 2014
Hi I have booked a mega cheap deal from Luton to Budapest for this October. Has anyone got any comment's on this route and company please. I have used Ryanair,Easyjet and Skyeurope before so I know what a no frills airline is like in general. I have looked online and there were some very unhappy pax in those reviews. TIA Clive
Trying to meet with friends for holiday at a desitnation somewhere easily accessible to both parties. One flying from Shanghai, China the other from Dubai. All travellers aged 50+. Possible destination preferrably beach location with public amenities/golf courses nearby deluxe standard. Would welcome any suggestions. Thank you.
Hello, We are planning to book JetBlue for Fort Lauderdale leaving out of SFO on Dec 24th. Our return is on Jan 2nd. Does anyone has an idea of how much a one way or round trip ticket would cost? We see some good deals right now on United and US Airways, but it's not nonstop. Thank you. Danny Edited: 5:12 pm, January 29, 2015
For all those asking questions about Thomson Airline Dreamliners in recent times, you maybe interested to learn that the first plane will arrive in Manchester around 10.20am Friday morning 31/05/2013.. Registration is G-TUIA... Regards Dave
Is anyone having trouble selecting theirs seats with Thomsons. Cruising the dream Dec 4th 2015?
is the air train on the level of terminal 4 or I have to go up or down to get the air train thanks ilana
My passport expires in October 2014 andI am going to Barbados in June 2014, Do i need to renew or I should be ok.
I want to book flights from sydney - heathrow (return trip) but would prefer to pay in sterling. When I go into the Singapore Air website & put in the itinerary it automatically reverts to ozzie dollars. Any suggestions? Thanks for any help
Hi everybody, I'm really worried because I've just booked a Ryanair ticket to fly from Girona and I wrote an incorrect second surname of one of the passengers. I've tried to change it on the internet but I've been asked more than 100€! Just for a surname! The rest is correct. Does anyone know a solution? Have you been in the same situation any of you. Thanks a lot!!!!!!!
I'm flying from London gatwick to Kuala Lumpur with a connection in Istanbul with TK next month. My friend used his debit card to pay for me. However, he won't be travelling with me so I won't have his card. Is it okay to check in or do I need to have his card with me? Is it okay if I just have a photocopy or his debit and passport?
Hi, I have purchased two separated tickets for the same flight 1) SCL to AKL (roundtrip) 2) AKL to SYD (roundtrip) Both flights are labeled with the same number LA801 (SCL-AKL-SYD) and LA800 (SYD-AKL-SCL) Will I be able to through check in my bags (SCL to SYD and SYD to SCL) so I don't have to go through migrations in AKL (New Zealand)? Regards
Hi all, My passport is going to expire in a couple of months and I need to book tickets with Malaysian Airlines. Has anyone booked with Malaysian Airlines and are you allowed to change the passport information after you’ve booked the tickets? I just need to renew my passport so I’m assuming it’s just the expiry date that I need to update once I’ve got my new passport. Just want to get our flights booked very soon since Air Asia's cancelled all their Paris/London routes and we're booked with them in May. Thanks very much! Cheers, Coco
Hi All We fly to cancun on monday, we booked through jet line but the flight is thomas cook, I am used to ticket less flights and stuff but notice on my paperwrk it says we should have tickets 7 days before going? I hope they haven't messed up!
This is probably a really stupid question. But I have just bought a new tripp suitcase. With the combination lock on. I followed the instruction to change the combination but now it opens for any combination..... I pressed the little 'rest'button in changed the combination then pressed the open button. Should the little reset button be staying in or should it pop back out flush? Thanks Danny
Your advice would be really appreciated.We are looking at cheap & cheerful Ryanair flight to get us to Palma ,Majorca in June.Flight times from Shannon & Dublin on the dates we want to travel don't really suit,so the other possibility is Depart Cork @ 8.10am Arrive Stansted 9.25am then fly to Palma at 11.50am. & the return Journey Depart Palma 15.50 arrive Stansted 17.25 & Fly to Cork @19.55 My instinct is telling me its possible & there is enough time,but i am just looking for reassurance.We are also saving 350euro which is almost the cost of our hotel for the week by doing it the long way round. What do any of you think ? I need to make a decision on this before tomorrow.
Has anyone flown Virgin America and what has your experience been? I am looking at flying VA from SFO to BOS in August and their fares aren't too bad. Thanks for any help you can offer.
My parents will be traveling through Atlanta on their way to Mexico in a few weeks. While they are in decent shape, the worst case scenario walking distance could be close to a mile. Any opinions on whether they should take the courtesy cart, or are they better off walking. They can walk the distance, but may be rushed for time. The connection is about 45 minutes. They are both over 77, and I think the cart is a fair perk for an older traveler. I am not sure it is the quickest way through the airport though. Thanks.
There's a four day sale on at the moment. There are some Club World TATL deals out there for approx £1300. However, you can get an additional £700 for a cost of 30000 Avios, i.e about £600 for the whole round trip. The fares earn full TPs and Avios.
I have seen several posts in the past asking if this is possible. Apparently it now is, at least on United. Wonder if other airlines will pick this up also. bizjournals.com/chicago/…
I'm flying for the first time as an adult in a few months and was wondering how the check in process works. I won't have my tickets before i arrive at the airport so do i just show them my passport? Show them my flight conformation email? What do i do? P.S i'm flying out of heathrow.
I have booked a flight from Sydney to KUL in the evening 22nd May 2014 and recently got an alert email from AirAsia that my flight has been cancelled due to the commercial reasons. Does anyone know what's behind? Thanks for sharing your thoughts.
Im about to go on a long haul flight to Europe. Do the toilets get cleaned during the flight? Im trying to work out the best time to use them at their cleanest!
Hi, I am flying in November from Orlando to Las Vegas with American Airlines. Looking over my flights, I'm not really feeling confident and just wanted to check if I should go ahead with this flight, or if I should be contacting American to see about a change? We fly from Orlando to Charlotte, have a 48 minute connection From from Charlotte to Phoenix, have around 90 minutes before we board our last flight to Vegas. That first connection time is very short. I am just a bit concerned that myself or my luggage might not make it. Just was after an opinion of what people think I should do, or if it would be fine? :) (also all the flights are on the same ticket, purchased at the same time) Thanks Edited: 3:51 am, August 04, 2016
especially if you connect through Philly. I flew from Phx July 2009 summer and had major issues through PHL both directions. I should have paid more for the BA non-stop. Lesson learned. I'll try to keep this brief. Phx-PHL leg uneventful. Got to PHL and checked in at gate and big problem. They had to downsize the aircraft from a 767 to a 757 and were asking volunteers to give up seats. I had a HUGE event plannd in London next night I could not give my seat up. Finally they had enough volunteers and they tried to split me and my freind up. I said no way she is elderly and can barely walk and needs assistance with everything so they put us back together. Got to LHR safely. Had great trip. Flight back..huge overbook and again asking for volunteers, at least no aircraft downgrade. Left almost on time, not 1 seat to spare. Got to PHL and sat on runway for almost an hour no open gates. I had to reclaim my bag, go through security again, ran with my carryon and laptop to the gate and missed the jet by 5 minutes. I had to stay the night without any of my bags they had already been checked. No clean clothes, nothing. All toiletries sitting in Phx. Got small care package from airline with toothbrush, shampoo thats it. Cell phone dead because charger in suitcase. Lesson learned...pack some clothes and necessties in carryon in case you get stuck, and fly non stop if available.
"Next week we are off to Tunisia with Thomas Cook. I have just received a letter from them to tell me that ""in response to market research"" they are withdrawing the in-flight entertainment package (films etc) but will rent me a PSP for £7.50 I have to wonder exactly who ticked the market research box ""Yes, please stop helping me pass the time with films and other entertainment and try to squeeze another £7.50 out of me instead"". I know times are hard, but why do these companies insult our intelligence by claiming that the latest penny-pinching reduction in service is an “improvement”? Geoff"
I am traveling to Bangkok via Indigo flight, while booking flight tickets I forgot to write my wife's middle name(which is her father's first name) in traveler info. Is middle name mandatory, will it create any issue while traveling? I have searched on net and found out some trip advisor forum question as well regarding the same issue, but those were for some other carrier and not Indigo. So wanted to be sure about Indigo, if anyone have first hand experience. Name change on ticket is not allowed and cancellation and re booking will cost me at least 5000 INR :(. Please help.
Hello! long time lurker, looking for some advice. I bought flights for my family and I to travel to India for 2 weeks in August, on Air India, back in August. Basically, the family member we were planning to visit has now passed away, so we are not really able to travel any more at this particular time. I'm just trying to find out what the cost will be to cancel my flights but have scoured the bravely website to no avail. I can't find a breakdown of the cost of my booking or how much of it is taxes, etc. I know I can ring them and ask them but I'd like to have all the facts to hand before I do so! They mention 'agency & payment fees' but don't mention how much they are? I can see also that a voucher can be offered, but even that's not clear as to how it is calculated. Not sure how to proceed, would appreciate some advice, I can see on here that they seem to have a bad rep! thanks in advance valmiki
As soon as the tickets become available, I plan to book tickets for the Mr and I using AA points. We would like to fly into Amsterdam and out of Paris. According to my research thus far, American Airlines will use British Airlines and the flight will include a short lay-over in LHR. What are the pros & cons of booking an open-jaw ticket or two one way tickets for each of us?
We've been European travelers for more years than I can remember - at least one trip per year or more. We've never used travel insurance because except on one occasion we've always booked our own flights, hotels, trains, etc. That said - I've noticed a number of posts on this and other boards gently chiding people who've encountered problems in their travels for not purchasing trip insurance policies. This has gotten me thinking that maybe we've just been lucky all these years. Last year, we were in the Benelux countries during the volcano eruption. Our luck held, as the no-fly ban was lifted on the day we left (in fact, our booked tix were on the first UAL flight allowed out of Brussels). So...we're heading to the UK in May and we are taking a Rick Steves tour of Rome in October before heading on to other Italian cities. Now - we are considering taking out policies for both trips. Has anyone any recommendations? On Rick Steve's website, he's mentioned about four companies - but is very careful not to recommend a particular one. I've investigated one just to see what the rates are (Access America), but am wondering if any of you experienced people have any recommendations or cautions to share. Thanks for any help.
"I am just a little confused on the baggage allowance on Delta. We recently flew Delta LHR-ATL in economy and when I checked in it said we could check 2 bags for free (each). When I look it up on Delta's website, it says from the US to Europe you get 1 free checked bag. delta.com/content/… We did actually check 2 bags for one of us and one for the other and were not charged. The people next to us in the bag drop were also checking 2 bags per person. We did pay for Economy Comfort, but that doesn't seem to affect what bags you can check. The only logical reason I can see would be if the UK is not considered part of Europe and falls into the ""For all other international flights"" at the bottom of the chart. Obviously I'm not complaining, but I'd like to understand so I know in the future if we are entitled to 2 bags. Thanks."
"Here is the link to the news article: time.com/time/… Personally, I won't be saying ""Yes, I'll pay an extra $2"". They can stuff it. If the rich dudes and money heavy (government) organizations that are proposing this think developing countries need more money, then donate more themselves. Or ensure that what money gets donated already goes directly to the essential materials and staff for the programs needed, and not to corrupt country middlemen or into the pockets of some despot who is more than willing to let aid into their country, but only if his pockets gets lined with a percentage."
Hi, I am travelling to Thailand can anyone recommend the best/most effective prepaid sim for calling back home, local calls and small amount of internet usage. Nath
Dear Forum Members. I was wondering if any of you are I.A.P.A. (International Airline Passenger Association) members and if you could share your experiences (or experiences of other persons that you know about) in regards to insurance claims with them. Best regards. Cosmopol
I am considering flying Qantas from SFO to Sydney, returning from Brisbane. The return flight requires a connection to American Airlines at LAX. My question is: Will American charge me for checked baggage? The detailed explanation of restrictions on its Web site are unclear, as it states the $15 charge does not apply to passengers starting outside of the U.S. and continuing to international destinations. I am originating in Australia, and SFO is international relative to there, but not relative to LAX or American Airlines itself. Your help would be appreciated!
We are travelling to Jamaica from Calgary for Spring Break and we are flying Air Transat club class. On there website it says you should check in 3 hours before your flight which is ridiculous. With club class you get priority check in ,so I don't think its necessary to arrive 3 hours before. How many hours should we be there before our flight ? Edited: 1:51 pm, January 04, 2016
Hi Leyland, Hopefully you can answer my question. I am sure I have read somewhere that if you book a Thomas Cook Signature holiday you do not have to pay the depature tax, when elaving Cancun. Is this correct? Kind regards and thank you
Hey so to keep down holiday costs this year we have decided to use just hand luggage (should be doable) What I am wondering is if anyone has traveled from dublin with AerLingus lately that may be able to tell me how strict they are with the sizing of the hand luggage bag. ie I know the max height according to there website is 21.5 inches. what do ye reckon if I was slightly over that measurement? I have 2 bags to chose from here one is way over at 25inches and the other is 23inches. both are soft material just wondering what people would recommend. Thanks so much
Looks like they closed your post by mistake when they removed the duplicate? I don't see any other reason why the thread would be shut down: tripadvisor.com/ShowTopic-g1-i10702-k5319628… Anyway, you use Euros at AMS. One possibility is to exchange for some Euros in advance wherever she is so she doesn't have to rely on forex at AMS. Buy a drink or something to eat and break down the note so she can get some coins and call you.
Just came back from Cancun yesterday. I flew from Cancun to JFK on Jetblue and was told at check in that I would to pay a $21 departure tax. That didn't sound right to me bc I always had that fee included in my airline ticket. I have traveled to Cancun for 5 years straight. I asked the clerk to check again and he said it wasn't included in my ticket. Something automatically wasn't smelling right to me. He asked if I flew into Cancun on JetBlue. I responded that I used Continental (Newark to CUN). I didn't have my Continental detailed receipt, so I paid the departure tax by credit card so I could dispute the charges later. Today I call JetBlue to inquire about the tax and they said a $21 Mexico tourism tax WAS included in my ticket fare. Then get this, I checked my Continental receipt and I was also charged a $21 Mexico tourism tax. So was I really charged 3 times for the same thing? Is the Mexico tourism tax the same thing as the departure tax? I called JetBlue and didn't get a clear answer from a rep. I've learned now to carefully look at the taxes and fees and to print the receipts to take to the airport. Thanks for your help!
hello im wondering if anyone can help me please? im flying with virgin from man to orlando on the 8th june,does anyone know if I can find out what plane we will be on?its not saying anything on my virgin log in page. thank you in advance trace xx
"As I understand it I am allowed 1 cabin bag, max 55 x 40 x 20 cms, and 1 small bag, max 35 x 20 x 20 cms. A standard 15"" laptop is slightly above the second option (35 x 24 x 2 cms roughly). Anyone know whether a laptop with those dimensions will fit in the thing anyway (by placing it along the diagonal & tilting it)? I'd really rather not have my laptop in the cabin bag should it be placed in the aircraft holder, seeing how carelessly they load them on. Edited: 12:02 pm, July 27, 2014"
Hello Earlier this evening I was attempting to purchase tickets on Aer Lingus's website. I was able to get through the entire process (credit card info incl) until I hit the Purchase button - I immediately got thrown back to a search screen. I am assuming that the reservation did not go through . I am curious if anyone else has experienced this problem when using Safari? I searched previous forum posts but didn't see anything mentioned. I will most likely attempt to retry the transaction tomorrow on my laptop as opposed to my iPad. Thank you Thank in advance
Wanting to hear of any experiences with Icelandair for travelling between Europe and America. I haven't heard of this airline before.
Anyone ever flown from LAX to SJO (Costa Rica) on this airline? I heard the seats are truly quite hard and uncomfortable. This particular route usually flies an A319. The TACA website shows the types of planes they have in their fleet, but no detailed seat maps. Anyone know where I can find seat maps for their planes...or have any advice on the seats, exit rows, etc.? Thanks! -Hershel
We are travelling late August departing Auckland with a 14 hour stopover in Hong Kong. Has anyone else had this length of stop over? We arrive 7.30am and depart 11.25pm? I'd be interested to hear how others have coped with this length of Stopover. I am travelling with an eleven year old and fourteen year old. Thanks
Hi, Has anyone had any success getting an update on flights affected by the Futura Gael suspension? I am due to fly to Sharm el sheikh from Dublin on Sunday but cannot get a definitive answer from the Panorama tour operators on whether a replacement aircraft has been made available. Would appreciate responses from anyone in a similar situation.
A question for UK or non EU experts We have booked flights to Spain, out from UK with Vueling back with Iberia but did it through a third party site. When I try to submit Advance Passenger information to the airlines they require a booking code. I have two booking references one from the third party site the other for Vueling ( presumably given by them to the site that booked for me) but neither of them is accepted by the Vueling website. I cannot find a FAQ or email enquiry form to ask anyone directly.. has anyone any suggestions of what I should do next?
"Hi we recently arrived back from a trip and took flights with Airasia form KUL to CEB we had pre-booked meals for both flights along with exit seats. As we are now Coeliacs (no Gluten) we just booked the basic meals eg Chicken and plain rice. Once on board the meals were served and thats when we noticed the ingredients list on the packaging (contains gluten) so we could not eat the food i explained to staff they said to contact customer services and explain. On arrival I contacted Airasia via the website and explained everything eg, The website states that some of the meals may contain gluten, When in fact ALL of the meals had gluten, so I requested a refund of the return flights pre-booked meals which was some 10 days away. This request was of course rejected but i was given a link to the site again to select and pay for new meals lol that of course i cant eat any. Plus Airasia have a 'no outside food policy' I had anticipated that the level of service from them would be zero, so we did bring some snacks. The moral of the story use yoru mastercard as I did and dispute the transaction on return then they wil actually listen as the Booking was made from the UK our rules apply regardless of the lack of clarity on the Airasia site so I will update the outcome, for me its not about the £20 its more about the priciple now so fight on 
So Ryanair seem to have pressed the mute button on the Michael O'Sleary remote control. Perhaps realising that pi55ing customers off is perhaps not the best business strategy in the world and that the same joke is just not funny year after year. Not all publicity is good publicity it appears. So they do seem on the face of it to have made some good improvements. They have a new marketing manager, team and it seems strategy. The website has been completely revamped and IMO looks and feels great. The stupid CAPTCHA thing has been removed. Credit & debit card charges have been reduced to a fair (or is that a fare) level. Reserved seating throughout the aircraft, allowing small handbags to be carried in addition to your carry on and an all round hug me I’m from Ryanair feeling. telegraph.co.uk/finance/newsbysector/transpo… So anyone flown them recently and did you see improvements in attitude and service? Should I put them on my will fly list again?
Since Usairways merger with American our service and prices have suffered out of Charlotte. My last experience made me vow to never fly them unless I absolutely had to. My wife and I just returned from a round trip via Delta from Charlotte to Jacksonville, FL. We flew first class cheaper than a coach seat on AA. From the moment we stepped up to the ticket counter in Charlotte until we got our baggage back at the end of the trip, it was amazing to experience the difference in service. The comparison between first class on Delta and first class on AA is amazing. Delta on each leg had chilled water bottles waiting at our seat, fresh blankets, pillows, and the flight attendants came down the aisle and took drink orders on the ground, and seamlessly replaced empty water bottles. Snacks were first rate and included fresh fruit and unique offerings. The entire crew was dressed very sharply, smiled, and actually thanked us for flying with them. They seemed to genuinely enjoy their jobs. Every flight on AA that we've taken since the merger we could hear the flight attendants complaining and they could care less about the service. Not once did passengers get berated by the flight attendants to hurry up so they could have an on time departure by the Delta crews....it is common place on AA. It was as if we stepped back in time when air travel was enjoyable. On each leg of the trip, our luggage was waiting on us when we arrived at baggage claim. AA is lucky to get it to you within 30 minutes. Best decision we've made to switch our business to Delta.
Hi, An interesting article today from USA today's travel section-- which is essentially an encapsulation of a larger, more detailed article written by the Wall Street Journal-- that discusses historical airfares and what people pay today as compared to 1995 levels. While I've mentioned this before, I thought the article was interesting for two reasons.. First, it does confirm what I suspect most people know to be reality.. that being the **average** air fare paid today is in fact LOWER than what you paid **on average** back in 1995 when adjusted for inflation.. Again, this is an average and applies to only US carriers.. but I do think that it applies to most markets-- some more than others, but most markets.. But the more interesting thing that the WSJ author notes-- is that even when you add in checked bag fees and other fees that didn't exist as separate charges back in 1995 (the WSJ author quotes a figure of $21.66 for these fees in total) it's STILL cheaper.. 16% cheaper with the fees added into the comparison, 21% without the fees added.. USA Today: …usatoday.com/flights/…1 Travel Safe,
Hi My daughter and I will have a 14 hour stopover from 20.20 on Sunday 7th August to 10.50 on Monday 8th August. Never been to Atlanta before. Any suggestions? Seems a very long time to be doing nothing. Thanks
"Hi, has anyone had any problems with HMPO online form when submiting their passport application? I applied for my first adult passport in July/2014 by using the online form available. Approximately six weeks later I received a letter saying I needed to complete a whole new form, this time in paper form. I contacted HMPO and asked why, since my application was complete and with no errors. They told me it was because I had missed Section 4 (details on parents). I went back into the online form, this time taking screen shots with date and time, and surprise, surprise there was no Section 4 in the online version of the form. I was never given the opportunity to write my parents details. I repeated the process several times in different dates and managed to get to the end of the form (screen to complete payment and submit). I tried contacting them by phone, but they insisted that despite the problem I had to go through the whole process again. I tried complaining, had no replies. Phoned again several times, then they finally said they could not find my application, then later on they ""found"" it but that there was no way around it. As a result I have waited for my passport to be processed for more than 8 weeks now - and still no idea when it will be finalised. I read in a similar trip advisor forum (""Problems with the Passport Office,dated April 2014) that some people, Miss B and Nanny503927 for example, were having similar problems. I would not recommend use of HMPO online form for new applicants... And i was wondering if anyone has had similar issues. Thank you"
"I`ll always remember when we went to China back in 2008, the weather in August was too hot for me but the country was fascinating and the Eclipse was fantastic : aerialsandtv.com/…ChinaEclipse Unfortunately BOTH our suitcase failed on the same trip ! And, significantly, the zips went on both of them. So we needed new cases, we wanted strong hard shell weatherproof ones (having seen what happens to soft cases left out in the rain......) and, most importantly, no zips. And we found them ! American Tourister ""Flite"" (Samsonite`s budget range). They`re not the lightest in the world but built like tanks, plastic tanks I grant you, but tanks none the less. You`ll always see loads of them owned by seasoned travellers on airport luggage carousels. They came with a 3 year guarantee, but 4 years later after loads of hard use we needed a spare part for one, it just screwed on and they just put it in the post, for free ! That level of customer service is rare indeed these days. Anyway, earlier this year a friend of mine wanted my advice on what suitcase to buy. I`ve seldom been so certain of any recommendation, buy the American Tourister hard shell suitcases we bought back in 2009, but guess what ? Yes you`re right ! They don`t do them anymore ! In fact they don`t do anything similar and neither does anyone else (well Samsonite do one model, but that was a bit out of her price range). The question is why are all suitcases on the market these days flimsy soft and zipped ? ! ? Edited: 4:15 pm, September 20, 2012"
Hi there I'm travelling to Prague from Delhi later this week on a Schengen visa. The Lufthansa flight involves a 5 hour transit in Frankfurt. I'm a little unsure about customs and immigration rules. Would I get a through checkin till Prague, or need to collect bags in Frankfurt and go through immigration etc there since it's my first point of entry into Schengen zone? Grateful for any advice on this Thanks
Hi all,apologies if this question has been answered before,or the answer is staring me in the face on the BA home page. I am flying to Hong Kong with British Airways,then Hong Kong to Sydney with Cathay Pacific next month.l booked the full journey with British Airways. British Airways allow 23 kilos,Cathay Pacific allow 20 kilos baggage allowance,l am confused as to whether l will have to `lose` 3 kilos on the Cathay Pacific leg,or the BA allowance will be allowed on the HK-Syd flight. Any help gratefully accepted
we are traveling on a 777-200 FC. Is there any way to see what the inside of the cabin actually looks like i.e. seat layout. Virgin and Sinapore have we sites which show you the actual seats and how they are laid out. I don't want to be looking at someone across the isle from me and would prefer sitting side by side with my husband, although I know with flat beds this is not usually the case. Any ideas as to sites I can visit?
As with many, worried about the implications of Mexicana's potential bankruptcy/shut-down. We're heading out to Cancun on United this weekend, but are due to return the following Sunday (August 29) on Mexicana's direct Cancun to Washington-Dulles flight. So far the flight is not suspended/cancelled/reduced like many others. Expedia told us they can't re-book us until the flight is formally cancelled by Mexicana. We're thinking of winging it, and relying on expedia to re-book us if there is a cancellation or the airline stops operating. Any thoughts on consequences?
I flew with Canjet to St. Lucia, December 2010, Christmas Holiday. The temperature was very freezing that I and many passengers had to keep our winter coats on at all times. The flight crews would not do anything about it. As I catches cold easily, I was worried about my health and so are many other passengers that flew with me. I am a world traveller. Usually, airlines keep the temperature at a comfortable temperature,(despite the very high altitude) at a comfortable level where we do not have to resort to keep our coats on. The Managment even the President of Canjet refused to act on these issues which are health and safety concerns. The Management even support each other. I, and I am sure other passengers as well had a very uncomfortable flight to St. Lucia. Please do not give anymore businesses to Canjet.
i want to visit bangkok ,do i need to apply for visa tessy from nigeria
Hi, Im a member of BAs exec club and at the moment I'm on Bronze. My question is do I go back to blue membership at the end of the year when it expires or do I stay on Bronze and continue to work towards silver. Lou
My daughter will be travelling Gatwick/Malaga on her own with her baby who will be 18 months old. She will be taking hold luggage and a small backpack as cabin baggage. She will be fine getting on the plane at each end as she will be able to take the buggy up to the entrance of the plane, but unfortunately it then goes into the hold and is put on the carousel at the other end. Her problem will be how to manage the long walks when departing. The baby is already very heavy and although can walk a bit, will not be able to walk long distances. She is too heavy for my daughter to carry through to security. Has anyone else had this problem? I was thinking of her using special assistance but that really for disabled passengers. Any other ideas would be gratefully received.
I have just been pricing up a journey for me, Southern England to Edinburgh return. Mid June. Easyjet from Bristol & Gatwick, FlyBe from Southampton, BA from Heathrow. BA is the cheapest of all options, by £10-£30, and includes a suitcase in the hold, should I need it which I don't. With the others that would be extra. And BA includes two items of hand luggage. Moral of story, check before you blindly book with a Low Cost Carrier.
I recently ventured to a website that claims to provide you discounted first class by buying the miles of a seller who has the necessary miles. It is an incredible deal but before I shell out any funds to them, I am hoping someone here can advice having used their services or know about them. Thanks. The website : http://frequentflyerdepot.com
I am flying to the Maldives(Male) from London, I have to change at Dubia with a stopover time of about 2 hrs, how easy is it to find the right check in desk at Dubia, I will be on my own and a bit nervous about the change. Thanks
I booked a flight to a Central American destination early this year for a nice midwinter vacation with my husband. Well, the day of our flight, there was a major North Eastern snowstorm. EVery flight out of our city was cancelled. Not my fault. Not Aeromexico's fault. These things happen. So, I called them to see how they were going to handle it. They said a refund was not an option. Fine. Act of God, whatever. So they said they would rebook my flight at a different date but they were sold out until the end of the month. And oh, by the way, I would have to pay the difference between the original ticket price and they ticket price of a different date----which was $500 more than the original ticket price, because the only tickets they had available were during the high season. I think that's poor customer service, but okay. Fine. The guy said I had 10 months to redeem it. Well, I called back three weeks later to rebook it, and he said that I only had two days to rebook the flight, that time had passed, they were taking my money and they would not be giving it back. NO ONE told me this when I talked to them originally. They made it very clear I had up to ten months to rebook it at no charge except for any difference in the ticket price. I explained this and asked to speak to a manager or supervisor. The guy on the phone was *extremely* rude though I was trying to stay calm and cordial with him. I asked 4 times before he finally agreed to let me speak to a supervisor. At which time, he put me on hold and left me there for 45 minutes. Finally, I hung up and called back. The same jerk answered the phone. I tried asking to speak to a supervisor again, and he hung up on me. What. The hell. Do NOT book through Aeromexico for any reason. If there is any problem at all, even if it's not your fault. you're not going to get your money back no matter what you do. I'm out $1200 unless my bank agrees to reverse the charges. Edited: 2:07 am, March 11, 2014
We would like to find an airline that flies from the United States (Los Angeles) to London and offers a credit card to earn miles. I have read postings about how airlines do not accept miles all the time. We are looking for an airline with a credit card that makes it easy to book a flight with miles. Any suggestions?
Can anyone advise me on how stringent (or anal)customs are with packaging of medications .I take 10 tablets a day X 87 days . This is a lot of tablets in 30 boxes . Will they allow me to repackage into slighly larger packages or perhaps just putting all the foil packets into one plastic bag .I have all the prescriptions and doctors letters to go with the medications I reckon they would half fill a carry on bag . We will be travelling through Asia ,USA and Pacific regions
Sounds a little expensive to me, but it does seem to include a private security channel and being driven to the steps of the aircraft (I guess that's the only way to do it given that it is not actually in the airport!) businesstraveller.com/news/london-city-opens…
Hi Does anyone know what time exit seats are released on manage my booking 14 days head of the flight - ie mignight of the 14 days before, the time of flight, etc? thanks
"What I.D. Do BA require when travelling domestic in the UK? The website ""advises"" passport or other photographic but doesn't require it. Has anyone ever had problems over I.D.?"
Ryanair have put a new route on their website which will become the longest on their network, from Oslo-Rygge to Tenerife-South. This route would probably be about 5 and a half hours flying time each way and would take up close to 12 hours for an aircraft to complete a round trip. Seems an awfully long route, is it really going to happen? Would be great if it worked out for them. It may mean flights as far as north-eastern Africa (Egypt sort of area) and the Middle East or even the Cape Verde Islands from the UK may become viable! Would be great if Ryanair could offer that!!!
I have bought a plane ticket from JAL which is a ticket from kuala lumpur malaysia to japan haneda. However i need to fly from kuala lumpur to singapore and the plane is operated by malaysia airlines and from singapore to japan where the plane is operated by JAL. Now i have a issue with baggage allwance between MAS AND JAL. Which rules should i follow? *The ticket is bought from JAL website which consist of these two flights*
I cannot recommend this company enough. My mother missed her flight from Brisbane-London. Luke at dialaflight found her a new flight at no extra cost and has been an absolute diamond in all our dealings. If you are sending your elderly mum somewhere in the world then you must contact this guy. Once again truely excellent service, a rare thing in this day and age.
hi. can any one recommend any hotels on or near as near as possible heathrow airport as i have a flight out of heathrow in august at 9am so will need to stay at a hotel the night before? i am looking for somewhere relativly close and max cost £100 for a twin room, no parking will be needed etc. we are not looking for any where flash, just somewhere to lay our head, any suggestions would be welcome and appreciated the ones that i have been looking at so far are the ibis, holiday inn, and novotel, has any one stayed in them
I was on a Lufthansa flight between Munich and JFK last week. There were a total of five (5) babies in the bulkhead row in front of my husband and me. The crying and screaming of so many babies setting each other off led to those paying passengers around them getting less service from the staff, while they concentrated their attention on the young children. Surely, children can be more evenly distributed throughout the plane. Five in one row made everyone around them suffer through a miserable flight. Candace Kahn San Francisco
Hi all Does anybody know if Easy Jet are going to continue flying to Bergen this summer. At the moment they are only taking bookings until early June but the site is not saying if they will continue after that. vinndy
-----, i'm setting up an account to purchase train tickets for my daughter to travel to and from school @ Willamette University in Salem. Where do I enter her name on tickets purchased with my accoun
hi ----- i have a question I'm traveling to california and was wondering how much it would be to take my car with me in the trip. i have a 2013 volkswagen beetle
----- I just changed changed my password and it is still not letting me log in
Hi, my sister lost her ID in salt lake city, she wants to take cname- to los angeles, can she do that?
I am trying to buy a senior ticket on dunsmuir to San francisco for tonight and cannot get senior, only adult, why is that so?
Hi -----, I purchased a ticket moments ago online and received the eTicket. However, the first name of the passenger I purchased for does not match his ID. Will this be a problem?
Hi ----- : I have a trip for 8 people coming up on 12-27-15 from Lorton VA to Sanford FL and I would like to make reservations for dinner. How do I do it ?
HI -----, does they the 5 California Zephyr out of salt lake city to Fresno Ca. only leave at 11:30pm? I would love to see the
I do not remember my password. Is it possible to get it from you?
----- i would like a price on a round trip to Chester Virginia, from Kenner La.1 Senior Citizen Disable ticket and 1 regular adult ticket.From Dec. 19.15 to Dec.27. 15 can you get me a price on that.
Due to illness we need to cancel our trip. How do we do that?
I am trying to print out confirmation for Reservation Number ###### and it won't print. How do I get a record of this for my receipts?
to get into my account, I insert my email address and password, but can't log on. I receive email from you at this email, but you won't let me log in
a trip in November on 10/19 for trip I believe 11/24 and 11/28 but am having problem recovering my email confirmation. I do not have any info re confirmation no. but I know they were paid for. How can
I will arrive to washington DC Dulles airport at 6:35pm and will take the train to Philedelphia at 8:00 pm I wonder howlong does it take to go cname- staion from airport
I have a reservation for tomorrow (Nov. 4) on the auto train and would like to change it to Thursday (Nov. 5). Can you assist me with this?
Trying to see what options are from Wilson, NC to Washington DC on November 30th with return on December 1. I see the departure options but the return doesn't show a train on December 1. Only 2nd.
one way from msp to sas but I get an error box ID#108A please explain
i want to leave after work on 11-25-15 around 5pm to florence,sc n return sunday for work on monday can u help?
-----, i have a questions about an existing ticket i purchased form my wife...can you help me?
I made a reservation this morning for a trip on Nov 11. This is the first time I've booked an cname- reservation. I realized after booking that you have a Guest Rewards program. I just created the a
I need to cancel my trip. How do I go about doing that?
I'm trying to book a senior ticket on these dates and it is giving me adult fares
I book reservations for several Vice Presidents, I need to make a new profile for a new VP how do I do that
i have a ticket leaving new bern n,c to new york but i want to stop in atlanta what do i need to do
my name on my visa card is as typed but you do not accept it. why?
have made plan and added to cart , how do I pay for my reservations ?
The system says the zip code is not correct for my card. However I know this is a mistake as the ZIP code is correct. What can I do?
Hello, when I go to check out, my AAA discount is not there. Please advise
is the $85 a one way fare? I asked for round trip
I want to travel on 20 Nov from NFK to WAS on 84 NE Regional, then take Aceila to Providence. Possible?
Hopefully, you can help me. Trying to find a train from Pensacola Florida to Fort Myers Florida.
we are travling to salina from la we want to buy a
I need help finding a bedroom suite for two seniors on the lower level but haven't seen the selection. c
Im trying to pay for this and it won't let me go to pay - can you please help??
As a senior traveling to camarillo, what is the difference. In the different price choices?
I'm having problems with the site accepting my city billing address -- I'm looking at my billing envelope and using the city listed -- how can I fix this?
I forgot my password and then changed it, but the website still will not log me in. Can you help?
"I have entered Palm Springs as a departure point and keep getting an error message. It came up clearly after I clicked on ""find a station"". THX."
I need to get my son home from sonoma state university in rohnert park ca to west hills ca. but i can not find any train - can you give me suggestions
I have just reserved 2 business class seats from Vancouver to Portland on the 27th July 2015. Can I select the seats for my reservation?
i made a reservation and paid yesterday and now want to print out my receipt and ticket. i don't find it on the website?
I already have a member # but can't log in. Did not receive email to reset my password. What do I do?
I have never travelled by train. I would like to go from Essex Junction Vt to Orlando Florida on a sleeper. Can you help
hi! i've reset my password twice, and the system still won't let me log in. Help!
I'm booking trip from EVT to PDX 11/22/15. On the schedule there is
I need to depart from Charlotte, NC and do not find an cname- stop listed. Why not?
I need to pay for my mom's tickets, she has a reservation, how do I do that?
I asked to reset my password but didn't get an email. Please help me
when is the first bus or train out of Champaign-Urbana IL to Springfield IL on November 19, 2015?dLn-
Trying to get my son home for the holidays, he's in Whittier NC and I'm in Baton Rouge LA. Any suggestions?
This says the eTicket was attached with my receipt but I didn't receive either one. What should I do?
I am trying to find a train to take from Fullerton CA to Sorrento Valley San Diego. Its telling me the earliest train is at 5:40 pm...I need a morning ride
I am booking roundtrip 12/17 through 12/20. When I am choosing my ticket for my return it takes me to 12/21 and not 12/20.
How I can't have a tickets for a ride for Santa Claus in December is for children's have from Burke to manassas , manassas to Burke , please
"Hi I have a question regarding the ""checked Baggage"". I want to travel from the New York Penn Station to Brattleboro, VT with two big bags (23 kg each). However I have found that Brattleboro Station d"
i would like to speak to an agent. Can you give me a phone #
I'm trying to make a reservation and the website won't allow me to ask for senior rates.
we have a reservation on the 12/18/15 for 3 adults reservation number ###### one of our party is now travelling on the 12/19/15 is it possible to transfer one adult ticket to that day
I am seeing my departure, how do I see my return train and book it?
having trouble with my card, what number can i order tickets on the phone
Ok this is a first time purchase of a train ticket and i ned help to see if Im doing it right
"I made a reservation last night to go from Emeryville to Reno on Feb 5, 2016. I tried to pay with my credit card but the message on my other computer says to wait ""while your bank authenticates this"""
I need a receipt from an Octber 2015 reservation. how can I obtain? I have the reservation number.
can you determine if a roomette is on upper or lower level? Booked into room ### on car #### for train ## tomorrow
I purchased tickets through my travel agent and would like to receive a print out of the ticket. Can I do that through you?
Are prices listed for roomettes for the room (1 or 2 people) or per person (i.e. 2 people in a roomette is double the listed price)?
i booked a ticket for a certain location but am now boarding at a different station closer to my destination is that ok?
am wanting a ticket from Spokane, WA to Jefferson City, Mo. Keep getting an error message. Problem finding service
looking for the pricing ,hopefully some discounts from phoenix to charelston ,s.c. around the
I reisde in ------------------------------------- and i would like to go to penn staion at newark new jersey is ther a route on this destination
I made a change to my reservation but haven't received confirmation email or eticket. Been at least 15 minutes. Can you help?
I'm interested in travelling from the Harrisburg, PA area to New York City, Penn Station. What choices do I have?
I NEED TO GO TO FLA WITH MY CAR MYSELF & FRIEND I FOUND A TRIP FROM NEWARK AIRPORT TO HOLLYWOOD FLA TRIP IS LESS THAN 1 HOUR FOR 300. TO 600 DOLLARS AM I LOOKING IN THE RIGHT PLACE TRAIN SILVER MET
Im trying to get my son and his family from Northern Vt to Minnesota. Is that possible?
i have not gotten an email confirmation what do i need to do
I have tried to change my password 3 times and my account still will not open. What is the problem
I'm trying to understand the discounts. To get a great discount for my ticket. I'm traveling from Portland Oregon to Seattle.
----- how do I create a round trip ticket by paying partial cash and rewards points?
My daughter is in train 91 from tampa to del Ray florida she's texting me saying train has been going only 2 mph for an hour now. What is the problem so I can let her know. No one has informed the pas
We are wanting to take a Girl Scout troop on a day trip from New Iberia, LA to Lafayette, LA on January 16 or 17. Can you help me plan this?
"i get an error message telling me to correct station or city name. dourest specify from or to. Nor does it identify which ""found more then one station"
Sorry for the inconvenience. Currently there is a system issue preventing your request from being processed. (Error ID: 503S)
I believe I left my Verizon Mi-Fi in a black case on the Auto train when I traveled up from Florida on the 23rd of Oct. I was in seat 1 & 2 of car 5211 and I arrived in Lorton on 10/24.
Problem Finding Service: Sorry, we cannot find service matching the departure and arrival stations/cities you provided. Please modify either or both stations/cities and resubmit, or, for additional as
My name is ----- ---- ---- I have an evocher on file from aug 18th 2015 coule email me the vocher number I can not the vocher its for $11.90 thank You
we are looking for a tainstraight from reno to bend oregon.....no changing trains..r
everything entered for booking and where do I go next to complete the transaction.
want to cancel my trip from MRB to BWI but there is a problem in your system. What can I do?
hi why why is it that I am unable to input a departing dare
Hi, I'm --------------. I just bought a ticket for the 715 Albany NY to Poughkeepsie NY. I no longer need the train. What options do I have?
Hi -----...I am hoping to take cname- from boston back bay BBY to Canaan CT but I don't know which cname- station stop is closest to Canaan, CT....I would be leaving on a Monday
Hello, I made a booking for a customer through an online booking tool in our office and received an error message. It said the reservation was received by you all at cname-, but not by our agency.
I'm trying to make a reservation from WAS to SBY roundtrip for thursday, 11/12/2015 - 11/24/2015 for $227.00. I added to cart, but dont' know how to complete the transaction.
-----, I love traveling cname-, but I just saw that cname- us permitting pets to travel and I don't want to travel with pets. I love animals but I believe it is an awful imposition to be forced to trv
Hi -----, I purchased a RT ticket on regional express but want to upgrade to the Acela on way can I do that
I didn't receive the emailed ticket for my trip on 12/9, from Emeryville, CA to Boston, MA, reservation confirmation no ######. Could you please email it again to --------------------. Thank you.
Hi, I want to buy a ticket for my daughter to come visit from salem oregon to stanwood washington.. if I buy the ticket online can she pick it up at the salem station
Hi -----, can you tell me why there is a delay from Hartford to Penn station NY. train was supposed to leave at 3-23
hi. i made reservations a month or two ago and can't find the confirmation email. how can I retrieve my reservation and print tickets? thanks
My guest rewards # is ########## and my email i ------------------- but I don't know my password. Please help.
"Hi -----
I'd like to book a round trip from nyc Penn Station to 30th Street station Philadelphia on December 5 at 10:00am and returning from Philly at 5:30pm can you help me book this? Thank you so much
Hi I am looking into pricing for myself, my 2 year old, and my infant to go from Denver to Grand Junction. Just trying to find the best deal possible
I just purchased a flexible tix for $141 and it was the least expensive option when I purchased a few min ago. Now there is a value $101 tix available, is it possible to exchange. or get a credit for
"When web page says "" Sold Out "" does that mean the reserved seats are sold out , but you can get on the train ? I am referring to train 390 Saluki on Nov 21 from Mattoon to Chicago"
Just made a RT reservation for 12/15 CVS/DC and filled out payment info then it cancelled my transaction. Do I have to go thru the whole thing again?
On the AAA thing, if I have a card and my spouse doesn't, can I still say that he's a AAA member under my card? The page about AAA says spouses are covered.
Hello, I've tried to reset my password and it is not working. I'm getting a failed message.
I'm trying to pay my fare but cannot get pass step 4...help
Just created a reservation via cname-.. How long does it take to show up in my account? My name is -------- -----..
-----, we would like to travel from Seattle to San Diego on the Coast Starlight whenever to arrive in San Diego on 2/18/16. Is that possible?
Hi...would it be possible to change my ticket for Nov 6th to Nov 8th instead? My reservation number is ######
Can I upgrade my reservation tonight to a sleeping accommodation? Reservation #------
I have tried severakl times to book my wife and I to NYC on Nov 20 and keep getting errors ... what can I do
Hi, I would like to take the cname- train from Grand Rapids to Spokane so I could arrive there on Aug. 6-8. I would like to take one of the trains with the park ranger on board. Can you help?
Hi. I just booked a ticket but need to change the return leg home to a later train. How do I do this?
I booked 2 tickets from Oakland to Sacramento on Wed, Nov 25 but got no confirmation...I booked 2 tickets from Roseville to Oakland on Friday Nov. 27 and DID get confirmation....Before doing it over f
trying to see availability and possibly book Coast Starlight trip from LAX, Nov 20 to Nov 29, but can't see how for this specific trip (just see cname- routs in general). Please advise?
Hi -----, I booked a trip this morning, that I need to change (if possible) and I'm not sure how to do it
Is there a train that goes from Chico, CA to Riverside, ca? I keep seeing bus references
just made an online reservation and have not received the e-ticket in my email res #######
I am looking for train or bus from Wisconsin Dells to Menominee WI or Eau Claire WI please help
Hi, I a, just confused by the different ticeket options. Like the ones labeled thruway bus... I'm just trying to figure out the cheapest and quickest route.
------ I need 1 senior ticket Leaving Newark, NJ on Dec. 26 early morning.
hi, we are planning to go to roseville,ca from pleasanton, ca. is there a way to help me
Will be traveling from Indianapolis to chicago to Grand Junction Co next Monday. There is a four hour layover in Chicago. Is there someplace to store our luggage between trains? Or do we need to haul
I bought a ticket online. Where do I pick itu up?pick u
-----, I need to make this a one-way ticket. Leaving on 11/20 same time4:46am, but want to cancel the return train. How can I do this? ------------------
Hello, I have an email on my phone with my ticket information. Do I need to print it out or can I show the email to the conductor with out printing out?
A few months back, I applied for an advertised job with cname-. Is there any way to find out what is the status of my application - are they considering me, not considering me ?
Hi me and my fiance need to catch a train out of milwaukee wi, in the afternoon. we r arriving n milwaukee at 1:05pm on a lamers bus and would like to ride a train to cincinnati.. is it possible..?
For the past 3 days I've tried to find tickets, only to get this error. How do I fix it? Sorry for the inconvenience. Currently there is a system issue preventing your request from being processed.
Hi. I believe I mistakenly deleted the email with confirmation information for my trip on November 25th from NYP to BAL. My name is ------------ and I paid with a mastercard. Can you help me find?
Hi,----- question if I,buy a ticket via internet in kansas city for my sister coming from naperville il. can i send the ticket # can she pick up her ticket at the naperville station??Tx.
I need to get from newark De to American University can you help me out?
I am trying to go from Providence RI to Rutgers U in New Brunswick NJ. There does not seem to be service?
-----, I have reservations for Sunday, November 16th, travelling from St. Louis to Chicago. I inadvertently deleted my email with all info. Have I can have the reservations/tickets resent to me?
----- I'm trying to pay for my ticket Reservaion #------, but it's showing that I don't have any. Can you help?
I just bought tickets and have not gotten my confirmation Email. Also, the page crashed on me before I could ger my confirmation number. What do I do to get the Etickets resent to me.
I want to use my points for a round trip fare from Chicago Union Station to Spingfield IL leaving Friday 11/13 at 7 a.m. and returning at 4:55 pm from Springfield. How do I do that on line
trying to find a good deal and good timing to go from New york to Baltimore (BWI)
Looking for saver fare to Pen Station (NYC) from RNO anytime can you find one ?
I am trying to apply an evoucher to this purchase but it is not allowing me to do this.,. The voucher # is ---------- - can you fix this?
Hi my question is on the 421 eagle leaving Austin on the 19th to LA it departs at 6 30 pm then it goes to san Antonio and leave there at 2 45 am to LA it does not take 8 hours to get t san antiono
Hello, -----, My original password no longer seems to work and I've tried unsuccessfully twice to reset my password. The message states that a temporary password has been sent to me email, but hasn'
Hi -----! I bought a train ticket this morning and I cannot seem to locate a confirmation email. Is there a way to see a confirmation email or notification?
Hi, I purchased three tickets on December 1st for a trip to Bellingham from Seattle, Washington. I am now noticing I never received confirmation. Does this purchase exist?
I bought a ticket from Union Station Chicago to downtown Milwaukee for tomorrow leaving at 8:05pm. Do I need to switch my ticket if I want to leave earlier? Or can I just show up for the Hiawatha trai
HI, -----, I WOULD LIKE TO TRAVEL FROM DAYTONIA BEACH FL TO DELRAY BEACH FL BEGINNING IN FEBRUARY OF 2016, IS THAT POSSIBLE?
I ordered tickets for 10/25 and 10/27 a few days agao but have not received the email with the confirmation, yes, --------------- (----------------: business class goleta, CA to atascedero, CA and ret
I didn't receive the emailed ticket for my trip on 12/9, from Emeryville, CA to Boston, MA, reservation confirmation no ------. Could you please email it again to --------------------. Thank you.
I am trying to print out confirmation for Reservation Number ------ and it won't print. How do I get a record of this for my receipts?
I purchased a ticket for my son this summer that I never used. I am now trying to track down information on the ticket so that I can use it. Can you help?
Looking for 2 adult 1 senior and 1 child (8yrs) from Providence to Penn Station NY Saturday am December 5 returning that evening can you tell me the best deals
I am trying to get a quote for fares from Deland Florida to Williston North Dakota and exclamation comes up in Red what does that mean?
I am attempting to make a reservation for today. However, when I am asked to verify my Visa card ( new process), it does not recognize the information provided
What size bags can u take on the train if u can't check them
i can't find any tickets for my request. What do I do?
Hi -----. I recently made reservations, but could not find my account at that time. How do I add those reservations to my account? Here is the info if needed ------
i have not recieved an email with my etickets that I booked this mornng. Is there any way I can check on those?
I'm confused - adult tickets are from 13 yrs to 61. Can my 15 old granddaughter go & on the train & be resosponible for her 10 yr sister?
If changing the date of a trip (same departure and destination) is there a penalty?
I have round trip reservations for ---- and --------------------------------------- to --------------------- leaving Nov. 24 returning Nov. 28. I need to print the tickets again. Lost in relocation.
Good morning. I entered my email address to hvae my password reset (twice) and no password was sent to me. I checked the Junk/Spam folder but there is nothing. How do i rectify this?
can we get off the train T CONNELLVILLE AND CATCH THE A TAIN ON TO NEW YORK OR WASINGTON PLEASE
Hi, i would like to change the time of my trip. Would that be possible?
Hi I'm going home from NYC to Hartford CT I have 1 carryon and 1 suitcase approx weight 20kgs .Will I be able to take my bag without hassles. Let me know so I can book the ticket online
I have booked a reservartion # ------ for today but did not get a confirm email with pdf ticket - help
Exchange Voucher - how do I use it? I am about to buy a ticket for next Monday, how do I insure that I get the credit of $19 on my exchange voucher? Thanks.
I am looking for a receipt for a ticket that was purchased at the cname- station BWI location on 10/19/15, could you help me with that?
Good afternoon - is it possible to get a receipt for a trip already taken? Specifically ------
Hi! I accidentally deleted my confirmation and ticket emails from both my inbox and trash. How can I get my ticket for a train on tuesday afternoon?
Good morning -----, question is I am trying to get a quotation form Bellingham to Portland leaving May 13th and returning May 16th. 2 but
I purchased a round trip ticket to Kingston, Rhode Island for Friday November 13 and can't find my ticket - don't remember if I printed my ticket out - can you help me
I've entered the destination city, the arrival city, the departure date and the time, but when I click find trains, it does not execute the search for me. Is there another way to check availability?
I'm trying to get my father from Long Beach, CA to San Jose, CA for the holidays. I'm confused as to how to do it?
I need a train from union station to tulsa, ok. help finds
Hello, I am actually looking for information on the application process for the next round of cname-- Residency .
I keep getting an error when I try to process a trip for January 2016, what is the issue?
Hi, I'm having a problem cancelling the Departure portion of my trip, reservation ------, I want to keep my return trip, but I don't need to take the train on Saturday, Nov. 7th anymore
"I want to buy a ticket. I have filled in the information but the ""find trains"" button is grayed out and won't work. What am I doing wrong?"
Yes please. Are there any extra trains added to schedule from yonkers north on Sunday Nov.29th?
I sent the ticket I bought for a friend to the wrong email address, can you help
I am travelling to Harrisburg, PA to the USCTLHA Grand Review. I was told there is a discount rate for 1st and 2nd passengers. Can you confirm?
I am trying to schedule a round trip train ride from Indy to Chicago. I have my departure selected for 4 coach seats 6am departure....how do i select return times? or what do i do next?
Greetings: I have a friend who would like to take the train from Chicago to North Georgia approximately 70 miles north of Atlanta. Would this be possible?
If someone needs assistance getting from the vehicle drop off point, to the actual train, how do we arrange that?
I'd like to add a non-synchronous ticket and seat starting from Newark, NJ <> Baltimore with this ticket. Is that possible?
I have a reservation for December 3, but like to change my reservation for below. pls advise.
I got on wrong train. My ticket is 93 to Wilmington de. They tell me the train is going to Harrisburg. Can I use this ticket and get off in paoli pA
I have a quick question. I just wanted to know before I buy my ticket, if I don't make it to the scheduled time of departure, can I ride in the next available trip going to the same destination? Thank
I can't log into my account, and I have reset my password with no luck
Hi, the website doesn't appear to be working, not letting me select a departure. Is there a number I can call to book?
I have reset my password several times but every time I try to log in it tells me the password is not valid even though I have had successful resets each time.
----- who would you recommend me contact regarding implementing digital signage to enhance your customer's experience?
trying to log in, forgot my password and clicked the link but never got it sent to me
I cannot find any trains departing from Niagara falls going towards toronto. is the train down?
Hi. I am Military Retired and am looking to get as close to Hilton Head SC on 12/20 and returning 12/27. Can you help me?
I went on your site this morning and put in my trip and I saw one way fares for
How do I book travel from southern ca (camarillo) to San Francisco. I know I need to do a combination of a train and bus.
i am trying to get a train ticket for November 12th this Thursday from Jackson, ms to ladson, sc 29456. can you assist?
I have not yet received my email ticket. Is there a problem? Thank you
Hi -----. We have tickets from NY penn to Albany at 5:15 and would like to leave earlier. Is that possible
bought a train ticket yesterday and sent it to wrong email what do i do
I sent a message prior. Did you see my question? Problems making a reservation and paying with a Visa Card
----- I am trying to reserve on the car train but its not allowing me to get the ticket
i requested a ticket at the station, and not an emailed purchase voucher, and boarding pass. what do i do now.
I have a trip planned for 12/04/15 from Eugene, Oregon to Portland, Oregon. I need to extend my itinerary to Vancouver, Washington. How can I do this?
----- there is only one train daily from phila pa to atlnta ga
Hi, -----. I forget my password, and entered my email to reset it. But cname- hasn't sent me any emails regarding password resetting, and I'm wondering what's going on here
I forgot my password and clicked on the link asking that it be sent to me. That was hours ago. I still don't have an e-mail with the new password.... What do I do now?
hi im trying to find my old reservation for tomorrow to print out, how do i do that?
I would like a train from oceanside to westwood ca on saturday morning arriving 8:30 am is that an option
I'm having trouble finding a route from JAN to CLB, what do i need to do
I'm trying to price a trip from Peoria, IL to Cary, NC. Please assist
I am trying to book saver fair of 95.00 from Sanford to Lorton on Jan 3 but I don't receive the discount. Why?
I would like to change my destination from Boston South Station to Boston Back Bay. How can I modify my reservation?
My boss has an cname- Guest Account and he would like to use his points or coupons to buy a ticket for his daughter, is that possible?
I need to cancel my trip. How do I go about doing that?
Hi. I am trying to book my travel, and I am disabled, but can't figure out where to click for disabled status.
I need to track a train number, but I dont know the train number but I know the station
why is the fare listed as $117 but then on the itinerary comes up as 138?ye
I have bought a one way ticket from Tacoma Washington to Salem Oregon on December 9 and cannot find it in my inbox. I don't know the reservation number. Can you help me?
Trying to find a train out of bridgeport, ct on december 1st that leaves around 5:00 AM - cannot find?
I want to see if there are any trains that go from Ocala, Fl to San Diego, CA Date is flexible. Anytime after Dec.25.
I am a new member to student advantage and am trying to get my 10% discount on my tickets for cname-...my number won't enter into promo code. DO you know how I go about this?
If a cname- bus is running late to get passengers to cname- train will train wait a few minutes or no train doesn't wait
It will not let me say how I want to receive my tickets what can I do?
I want to leave Seattle for Portland afternoon of 12/11 and return from Portland to Seattle the afternoon of 12/13. . . website says there's it can't find service. I would like most direct route.
Hi I want to take auto train on dec. 2nd with my car and a cat in a small carrier - information please?
There is an error message when I tried to purchase my tickets please help
trying to plan route penn ny to montgomery ny. can you help me?
I bought a ticket for a train trip tomorrow. Now I need to leave today can I use my existing ticket and pay the difference
I would like to see trips leaving from a particular city. How do I find that information? Thanks!
hi. i need to link an existing reservation to an account. can you help me with this?
"I keep getting a spurious error message ID 108A saying ""cannot find train service matching your request"", which of course is not true, I travel this route routinely. What is the problem?"
i think i bought 3 tickets but was did not get my email tickets
I have an itinerary but cannot make and pay for the reservation. Help!
can you help me I need to get a round trip ticket from Chicago IL to Riverside California
I need to cancel a reservation. What do I need to do?
Hi ----- I live in Palm springs Ca. I needed to know where would be the nearest cname- train station where i can get on to Monterey Ca. or near there. Can you help?
Hello, I was a passenger on the cname- going from saint Louis to chicago. I lost my phone and I was wondering if your staff has recovered it. It's a cracked black iphone 6. Please contact me asap.
hi -----, I just bought a ticket and I would like to switch it out for an Acela ticket. Is this possible?
my computer is having problems and I can't get a confirmed change of schedule. my reservation number is ------. I made a change from Dec 1to Dec 3. Can you make the change for me.
I am trying to return from San Diego to Anaheim on the 27th on the 1:30 train. When making my reservation, the return train available only shows 10:49pm arrriving in Anaheim at 1am
Hi, I am interested in booking a trip from dunsmuir to san luis obispo, but when i try to book online, I don't see business class available
I see my departure time for my round trip on the first leg of my trip but I cant access my departure time for the return trip back?
when oh when are they going to put a route through Ft Woth west to El Paso and Fort Worth to Denver so we don't have to contend with those crowded busses
Hi. I am trying to book travel between Rochester Ny and Columbus, Ohio. Is there such service?.
Pls let me inform the Available flight from Dhaka to Jessore on 22nd jan 13.-Moazzem, Dhaka
Hello, I am trying to find out if I have a mileage plan card, how do I found out?
traveling to Peru in 3 weeks. how many bagagges am I allowed to bring and how heavy? Looked into the info but it got me confused
I want to reserve this itinerary for my family member using my mileage but the system is not allowing me to do so. Need help now.
I am flying from California to New York next week. I was wondering if I would be able to bring some bags of fruit (cherimoyas) with me on the flight. Thank you
Just purchased tickets (round trip) MAF to IAH - IAH to MAF. It appears that two different credit cards were charged for these flights. please check and confirm that only one credit card was charged
Hi, I heard that there will be a direct fly from Houston, Texas to Beijing, China starting from this July. Is that true?
I will be traveling in May and would like to use my cname- points for an upgrade. Problem is I don't have any information regarding how many points I have. My name is ----------------------is it possi
Hi, My daughter is scheduled to fly from Tokyo (NRT) to Los Angeles (LAX) on Flight #33 on MOnday. I went online and it said Flight #33 is cancelled for Saturday, Sunday, and Monday. Could this be c
Hi, ----. My US Passport will be expired on 11/20/2013. I plan to travel to Taipei, Taiwan on 5/17 and return back to US on 6/6. I am not sure whether or not I should renew my US passport, or not.
HI ---- I BOUGHT THE INS IN THE EVENT I HAVE TO CANCEL MY FLIGHT HOW DOES THAT WORK THANKS -----
"Hi ----, I received a voucher """"please accept our apology"""" and when I went to the appreciation page, and filled out the form, it said sorry but we can't process your request now, much more frustrastin"
How can I purchase upgrade to Business Class on my existing reservation. I cannot find the link.
THE EMAIL TO WHICH BOARDING PASS SENT IS WRONG. THERE IS SPELLING MISTAKE
Hello, my flight was recently cancelled. Due to the inconvenience, will cname- provide any compensation?
I am not asking about price, I am asking about traveler information. She has to buy an adult ticket but she is not 18. how can I have the traveler information be correct
My husband and I just flew on ------ and imagine our surprise after checking our bags and paying the 50.00 charge the gate was checking for free. How is that fair? My confirmation number was ######.
am I talking to a human or are you giving me robotic answeres? just curious
I do not want an email page to fill out I want a phone number. I have a severe complaint and want to speak to someone!
Hi - I'm trying to verify that we are allowed to check 2 bags (up to 50 lbs each) and one exception item (like a guitar.) This is for our flight tomorrow shown as Conf. #------.
My question is this I have received my mileageplan Club card and want to sign in to my account, I have no idea what my account number or how sign up and establish a pin number. I will assume I have a
i just enrolled on line for cname- frequent flier membership. i flew 2 weeks ago from newark to copenhagen round trip on SAS and would like to add those miles to my account. please advise
-------- ----, ticket confirmation ######, booked Jan19, cancelled and rebooked a different flt within 15 minutes of booking original.Ticket number #############. ticket total $1411.12
hi ----, my son is coming from LaX on cname- suppose to arrive to seatac at 11am but his plane got diverted to pasco, wa. What are normal plans in this siutiona/\\\\\
I need to speak with someone about moving my flight from 1/27/13 to 1/28/13 - my name is --------------------
I missed my flight earlier today... I am interested in lowest fare a one way flight from NYC/PHL to OKC/DFW within week. Can you help me?
i have a mileageplan explorer credit card. How do I get my mileage plan number and PIN?
i dont know my mileage plan number or my password, how do i go about this
I just cancelled my hotel reservation online and notified that the redeemed miles has returned to my account. However, it was not shown up on the balance yet. Pls advise when it will add back to my ac
YOUA RE STILL NOT GIVING ME MY FLIGHT NO.SO HOW CAN I CHECK IN
I want to take my grandchildren (8 and 4 years) to Cancun with me, but they will come back with their father on a different date than me. How can get Ticket for them?
Hi ----, i didn't get a confirmation email fro a flight I booked. Am I on a flight out of Aspen, colorado to Denver at 11:40 or so? My name is ------- -----. Thanks.
Hello ---- I just have a quick question about a carry on. I was wondering if I would be able to take Remote controlled car I got for Christmas on the plane in my carry on bag. I'm just afraid it will
it still telling me that the information doesn't match but it does becasue i spoke with a mileage plan representative today over the phone but still i cannot log in please assit. All the option you
I want to buy 3 tickets to Europe using my miles but only have enough to buy 2 tickets. I want to buy the third ticket with $ but want to make sure I can get the same flights. How can I go about doi
I'm trying to book a flight and use my rewrads miles. This si my first time using them. If I select the flight I am looking at, is it refundable like other cash reservations if I should change my mi
Why can't I have a plastic Mileageplan card instead of the one of paper that I downloaded from your website? The one of paper is difficult to read should I present it at the airport.
i would like to speak to a representative re domestic flight. whats the number to call?
my most recent activity does not list my flights on 1/28 (M3YJ4V ) and 2/1 (EQJHCV). Why not?
On a recent trip my boarding pass was printed out with the wrong departure gate number. By the time I figured it out and got to the right gate, they had given away my first class seat. I had gotten th
As you can see from the enclosed mail below, we have ordered a trip on your flight to Governor?s Harbour , Bahamas for 5 persons. The youngest kid Magnus Lerdal is not coming with us to Bahams so we
I only see part of my question above. Did you get the entire question?
My daughter left Houston on Flight #### -- and reaching Orlando, FL, but I don't see this flight on your -- web site, Please advice.
i want to get a Izzo SWAMI 4000 Golf GPS I have enough award miles. What do i have to do? My mileageplan number #######
I am trying to book Flight: --1003 at 8:25 am on March 9 from AUS. I'd like four seats, which show as available on the map, but I can't book them online
I have a reservation on farelock and I am trying to see how much more the larger economy seats are on the flight to italy. There are more seats on the flight and I don't remember that being an option
I made a reservation from my family online an hour ago. I didn't get the childs middle name correct on the reservation. I separated it out ######. Now what?
I have a flight coming up on thursday 2/7/2013 from Colorado Springs to Tampa, returning on 2/12/2013. I have misplaced my flight information and would like for you to email my itinerary, please. My
cname- cancelled my flight and I had to drive 4 hours home. I would like a refund. How do I go about requesting that.
I can't find my Mileage Number, and have taken 4 big flights in the last 2 weeks. I tried to find it by putting in email, address, etc., but it's not coming up?
"We are planning to travel from Chicago to Cancun in early august 2013. My question is """" is there extra charge for checked baggage?"""""
Problem, it is not giving me the correct details I got from Lala i.e. not applying the discount - can you get please ?
I am trying to cancel ticket but my mileage plan # seems to not work or I have the wrong info.
yes but does a lap child traveling international get 2 free bags even though they do not have an assign seat
My confirmation number is ###### and I believe I have paid to be in economy plus but it seems they are asking me for more money. Can you check?
when I do what you say above it does not have us on any othetr flight. what do i do
I cannot remember my password for my mileage account. Can't it be emailed to me?
Sorri: Did not get an answer. I am old and it takes a while for me to understand.
If I change flights due to bereavement, and the total for changing is $211.20, is there a discount that will be applied for bereavement?
I have existing reservation and need to contact customer sercice represantative. what is telephone number?
We would like to travel on --, ORD to MIA, then on to St Kitts. What airlines fly from MIA to St Kitts?
ia mtrying to book a award flight . I choose the flights .. all is fine and by the end after I try to pay and it says one of the flights is not available .
My name is ---- ------------. ------ retiree empolyee # ######. Also Mileage plan member ########. I would like to sign up for the TSA Check program. Please advise
I have a reservation ######, but did not buy the ticket, what I can do?
So I just booked my flight for myself and my family and chose seat assignments. Yet now it doesn't show seat assignments on all the flights. What can I do about this?
MY FLIGHT HAS CHANGED ON THE RETURN, WITHOUT NOTICE, I CAN NOT LEAVE AT THE TIME YOU CHANGE IT TO.. WHAT CAN I DO.
Ihave my mileage plan number but my password or pin is not allowing me to sign in. can you help me with this?
okay I will but what about my reservation I just paid for.
I input a ticket number and it tells me the ticket has been creditied. However, the ticket does not show in my history or in the mileage amount.
I was looking to upgrade my flight using miles and I think I purchased an upgrade by mistake, can you help?
I tried to open the page that you refer to but it flicks on but fails to open.
Okay,arrive in Oslo at 5:00pm and catch Flight to Copenhagen at 5:30pm - will I be able to do that in 30 Minutes ?
I bought my mother's airline ticket with my Mileage plan Explorer Card, but your site is showing there is a charge for a checked bag. Why is this?
I booked a flight last week and today realized I had put in March instead of February in date line. Can you help me?
Res # #######. How could you change all my flights without even contacting me
My boarding pass says ------/------------ It usually just says ------/--------. Will this be a problem?
I received a letter offering me 2 roundtrip ariline tickets and want to know if this was sent by ------ airways. References ##-##### and --- ---- vice pres
I couldn't find the ticket numbers for my trip. what can i do?
Hello, I just booked 4 flights, but was not able to select seats. How can I do that?
Got a faulty error message from your system as this acct was set up yesterday
I booked reward flights for myself & husband, now I'm trying to include my daughter but shes not an unaccompanied minor
I am trying to cancel a flight reservation and want to bank the ticket price for a future flight. I realize there is a change fee. Can you clarify this with me. It looks on the cancellation screen
I need to talk to an agent. Please give me an 800 number
I need to talk to a human. Is there a number I can call?
how do i find out the cost or miles to upgrade my ticekt to first class? my confirmation is ------
I have forgottten password and am locked out. I called the number for web support but it sounds as though I have reached reservations. Can you help
I got married and need to change my name on my frequent flyer milage awards. I just took a trip to Las Vegas and they didn't take my miles, because my last name changed. What d I need to do?
can I change my return flight to th 15th at the same time. is that possible?
IF I UNDERSTAND CORRECTLY, I AM ALLOWED ONE SKI BAG AND ONE BOOT BAG FREE OF CHARGE. OTHER LUGGAGE IS $25 FOR 1ST, AND $35 FOR SECOND , UNLESS OVERSIZED OR OVERWEIGHT. pLEASE CONFIRM
I was told I would receive a $150 for rerouting due to an overbooked flight. It was last week and I have not received anything yet?
I have to cancel a reservation for medical reasons. What do I do?
I would like to change my ticket which is not decided.Can i ahve the credit to use for my next flight
I want to complete purchase, with or without travel insurance. PayPal forms are filled.
My name is ------------- and My reservation number is ------. It does not show my seat assignments for the first parts of my trip, I want to make sure we have seats
Trying to get tickets and to print them. Said I could not, do not understand, would like to be able to print them to save time. What is the problem????
I am trying to verify credit for US Airways flight that I took. I have the boarding pass which doesn't have a ticket number on it. What do I do?
I just made a reservation andgot knocked out before I got a confirmation# or e-mail. --------------
Are there other options for travel between Birmingham Alabama and Grand Forks, North Dakota departing on January 22 and returning on January 25 in the late afternoon? I have only found one option.
I am trying to check in for a flight in the morning ------ From lax to DC and then ------ from DC to pgh.. I do not have the conf # for the other 4 in my party ( husband and kids) to check them in.
"I have already explored all the info I can find on your website regarding my 3 questions. Should I try to call a """"real"""" person and what phone number should I call?"
do i need to sign in to book flight , never done this before, our cell # #############
I'm trying to get to my reservation so that I can print it out. I do not have the confirmation number, and the answer to my security question is not being accepted (perhaps I am not entering the same
I think my flight might be overbooked can I see the options for switching flights (-- 5634 San Francisco to Reno)?
change flights for my family, not just me--how do i do it?
I'm trying to purchase a flight online and it keeps telling me that I have to select an option for the insurance. I've tried both options for this and neither will work.
The stupid 'forgot your mileage plan number?' page requires entering your old mileage plan number which I forgot alsol So what now?
I know what my benefits are. Why are they not acknowledged ob
I have a reservation ------ for 4/9 and we want to get a reservation for our cat also.
I did not receive a new Mileage plan card with my new number- can it be sent to me please?
I just tried to use my expiring mile for a hotel and I received an error message that I was not eligible? Please let me know if this is an error and please inform me on ways I can use my 21,917 miles.
I want to add a flight that was taken already but the miles are not recorded I did not use my acct number at the time how do I do that
i had travel certification No.-------. I did use but I cancelled right away. Now I tried again but they sail it was reedemed already. Please give me a new No.
Hi. My name is -------------- and I am flying from LAX to YYZ tomorrow evening. I would like to add my baby as a lapchild to my itinerary
I requested my last mileage to be added to my account, but failed. Because you said that my ticket number could not be verified. My ticket number is -------------.
I want to use up the miles on my account to part pay for tickets for my family's holiday. Is it possible to do this?
I AM TRYING TO FLY TO MANILLA FROM JAX FOR 22 DAYS ANY TIME STARTING THE FIRST DAY OF MAY CAN TRAVEL UNTIL JUNE 15 LOOKING FOR UPGRADE ON FLIGHT GOING AND COMING ON THE TRANSATLANTIC FLIGHTS ONLY CAN
Okay, but that doesn't help me get my name correct on my OnePass account.
how can I find out if I already have a ticket - so I don't get charged twice.
I am trying to complete my payment, but the website says I must make a choice for travel insurance. I made the choice NO. It continues to give me this message. Can you help?
i want to use two credit cards to pay - how do I do that
I'm attempting purchase tickets and clicking no the to insurance option but it doesn't seem like the system is processing my selection. I'm getting a message indicating that I must select an option
My mileageplan # is -------- - I did not have a password to check on my miles, so I thought I had to set up an account, and it gave me a new # -------- - can these two accounts be combined? Which # sh
Can to accounts be merged my wife is ----------- and I am ------------- for the use of redeeming points?
Reservation # ------ made on Tuesday for Hoogsteden appears to have disappeared from the system? Very, very frustrating! Mileage plan # --------
"I am trying to verify my Mileageplan number and the number for my wife. The web page can't find me and does not accept my """"can't find"""" information."
I am trying to purchase a ticket using credit from a previously cancelled trip. The code I was given for the credit is -------------. It was issued in 2012for a flight to China that I had to cancel.Wh
I'm missing mileage from miles I purchased to upgrade to Silver. Miles were purchased on 17 January. Transaction # ##########
----, last September 14 I bought three (3) EWR-YUL-EWR tikets (###################) but had to cancel two of them, which was done on the phone on Sept 18, paying the due fine to change one of them. I
I have two Mileage plan numbers. When I attempt to sign in it is always difficult. I am always locked out of my account. My two numbers are ########### and --------.
I have lost my voucher number for two cancelled flights. One ticket in name of ------------- eTicket Number #############. Other ticket in name of -------------- Mileageplan Number --------
I need my mileage plan number. I do not have an old number so the form won't go through. Please send my current number.
I have forgotten and lost my accoutn number, PIN, and password. My information is below: --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- I n
If i make a reservation on cname- and discover my travel plans have to be cancelled, how does cname- handle refunds? For example, will cname- bank the ticket, giving my upto a certain amount of time t
I have booked a hotel between Jan 7 and 10 in Las Vegas on last Nov. 11 through cname-.com/hotel but fortunately couldn't find any information on this booking and how to obtain the invoice for that.
Don't know that will help. I am just trying to get some info on a passenger.
i am still waiting for my miles back from last feb.trip to hawaii only one part of flight did we get upgrade you own me at lease 40000 miles back thank you mileage plan no ##### ### ###
Sorry, but I do not find!!! please give to me a telephone number where I can talk with a human....its urgent, please....
My travel documentation has my full middle name. How do I get my full middle name onto my Mileage plan account?
I am a registered Mileageplan member. I cannot find my account number nor PIN. How do I retrieve this information?
My name is ---------------, the passenger name listed from previous flight is -------------- will I have a problem?
I lost my confirmation number....how can I find out what it is?
This is an award ticket I still have not seat assignment flight leaves in 4 hours
I made reservations for international travel, on the reservation our middle names are on the ticket, on our passports only our middle initials are there, is this going to be a problem? and if so how d
I want the $118 deal where you have to travel on a Tuesday. I want to depart on a Tuesday and return on Saturday or sunday
I have found a flight from New Orleans to Paris that changes planes in Dulles. The ticket gives 1 hour to make the change--even though it's an international connection. Will that be enough? I do hear
On the traveler information where it asks seat request, If both people request window will they sit next to each other or will they be separated?
I have made several requests for missing miles on a partner airline, with no success in getting my missing miles.
My name is ---------------. My current confirmation number is ------. My old mileage plan number was #############. It appears to have changed to -----------. I am attempting to rent a car through
i was cHARGED FOR TWO TICKETS TO BHAM ON 9/03/2012. MY DAUGHTER ------------ USED HER cname- SKY MILES TO PURCHASE THE TICKETS. TICKETS NUMBERS ############## AND ############## HOW DO I GET HELP
"I have twice requested my mileage credit from partner, Air Lingus, for leg of flight served by them. Ticket ############## Flight number ### Booking class """"L"""" from Dublin Ireland to Boston Mass. on Se"
I have my mileage plan awards visa card but it no longer has the mileage plan 11 digit number on it - and I do not remember my password - how do I resolve this - I would like to book a trip
I selet cname- states for billing address and tells me that is not well i live in houston tx help me please
trying to combine reservation for my wife and daughter - confirm ------ to my account
I would like to book an LAX hotel with my Mileage plan miles for March 5th. How do I go about doing that? Thanx.
"Hi. I am just about to buy a ticket that leaves on May 2nd. I checked the little """"insurance"""" bubble that costs about 20 dollars more. Up to what date would this allow me to cancel my ticket and reciev"
I am traveling with my daughter and husband on March 17 flight #### Miami to Newark. I am in seat 31F and I wanted to put them in seats 31 e and D. Can you do this? They are ---- ------ and ----- -
HOW COULD I CONTACT A MANAGER OR CHEIF SUPERVISR OF THIS GRAND RESPABLE FIRM !!!!???? REF:####################,MILEAGE + # ########.THIS HAS BEEN WITH YOU FOR OVER 6 MONTHS! SHOW SONE SIGN OF LIFE AND
I am trying to complete my purchase of a RT ticket from Frankfurt to Missoula, Mt. I have a cname- travel ticket certificate valid for $150 that I got at xmas time. I do not see a place to add it fo
I know that. But I am still confused. if I need to be charged.
Can I have a new Mileage plan card withNew mileageplan number ? Or
Your program says my name does not ggo with my card number--why could that be?
can premier level miles/segments be earned for a calendar year up to Feb.28 of the following year, like they used to?
CVS Pharmacy has donated 10 tote boxes of Christmas candy to be sent to an orphanage for 300 handicapped children in Korea. We will be on Flight #### and ### on March 21st from Dulles to Incheon. I wo
I AM ATTEMPTING TO TRANSFER MY MILEAGE BALANCE TO WOUNDED WARRIOR. IT HAS NOT ALLOWED ME TO DO SO. HOW DO I DO THAT THANKS
On Sunday, Feb 10 from Houston to Seattle flight # 1603, it appears there are several economy seats available but only first class airfare is listed. I want to fly economy -- can you help
Both my cards are cname- Chase Mileage plan Explorer and Mileage plan Business. Are the points merged for all transactions, yes or no?
I just want to confirm my tickets for next week. Can we do that?
I would like to use my miles to buy a ticket that has multiple destinations and
I just noticed on the reservation I made for my kids to go to Maui that ------ name is misspelled. I entered the last name ---- and it is showing ------. Confirmation number ######. Can you fix thi
I have a charge on my credit card for $390.60 for ticket number #############. I cannot recall what ticket this is. Can you provide more information about this ticket?
Please give me a phone number so I can get the answer to my questions
Please let me know that, how can I reschedule my flight to Beijing China
I just made reservations for my son, ------, ------------. I forgot to put one bag to be checked on the ticket (so that he doesn't have to worry about paying to check his bag when he arrives). Help!
Okay. Sorry, I typed in the info on the left. It is leaving Phoenix and going to Barcelona.
My wife booked me for a flight to SLC, reservation ######. The web site will not allow me to attach this flight to my account, ########. What should I do?
That I know. I am asking you that millage ticket has same rule like economy ticket purchase
i have a reservation leaving from NYC to Lima in Copa Airlines and coming back with cname- from Lima to NYC Copa is telling that I can take two luggages but your website only said one luggage please
I have a flight booked and the other person needs to change her flight times. How do I do that?
my mlg.plus # -------- - I have about $68 credit on my account but I cannot find my voucher # - can you help?
my account was blocked and I would like to reactivate it please
I booked a flight some time back, but i do not have a seat
I applied for the Chase card and have been approved, but was wondering am I amble to book my flights without actually having the card, but still getting the credit for these flights?
been trying all day to book tickets online at your site. i keep on getting sent to some cheap site that does not connect. can you help me?
I am in seat 18f and was suppose to be in 7c when placing orders in for gov. travel what happend
Your program says my name does not ggo with my card number--why could that be?
Also, I understand that since our plans changed because of a medical emergency, the charge to change the itinerary will be waived, but I don't know what kind of documentation I need to provide.
check in time for a RDU to IAD flight conecting to an international flight to europe?
I am wanting to know how much it would cost to change return flight departure ti e
Only able to input 8 of the 9 digits for the Mileageplan card I.D. number on the, Requesting mileage credit form. How can I add the extra I.D. number?
if I purchase ticket can I get a refund if person flying does not show up
Hi ----, I booked a flight ticket and misspelled my name. How can I edit it?
My wife and I are flying together to Europe. She has her own mileage plan account and I have my own. We are using rewards miles to book our tickets. How do we do it? We want to sit together.
Hi, my name is --- I have a question . Is there a free meal for this flight?
Can you see if perhaps he missed his flight and is booked for a later one?? ----------------?
I just made a flight reservation for myself and my wife. Although I typed in her full name including her middle name, only her middle initial shows on the reservation. This does not match her passpo
I am trying to book a hotel online with miles & money, however, when I get to the Review page it does not give me the option to use Miles and pay the balance. Any ideas why?
"how can i make sure that i can get seats for a flight i purchased? it says """"more complimentary seats may come available"""""
again, how do I establis a PIN for my existing account which I can access using my password?
I am trying to book a ticket use Mileageplan Explorer award, and my question is if I book first, then later want to change the flight, any extra charge
i inouted my credit catd information and submitted the payment, but have not yet reveived a confirmation. should i re send or will i be chatged twice?
sorry I clicked enter and ended my ? too soon in price box it shows 1 adult 18-64 I am 78, is this a problem Conf# ------
I couldn't find the ticket numbers for my trip. what can i do?
Charges to my bank account that are inaccurate. I need to talk to a person. What is the number?
Unable to complete check-in to flight on website. Is the site having problems?
Hi, I was wondering if there was a phone number where I can speak to an agent- I cannot seem to find it under the Contact Info.
I need to get back to the US today my flight is next Tuesday what can I do
I am booking for an adult family member and now. Help please/
I do not have an infant traveling with me. I want to check in but cannot proceed. Can you help?
i am looking for a cheap vacation with my boyfriend and i need some help
I want to upgrade my son's ticket ------ using my global services miles or upgrade but the site won't let me do it How do I do it
i need the phone number to reservations i have a credit that i must do over the phone
Hi ----, I am trying to donate miles but the link does not open - is there a problem?
Have not received email receipt for confirmation #------. When will I get this?
I was double charged for an economy plus upgrade. How do I get this fixed?
---- is there a phone number I can call ???? Thanks for the help.
so, can I use FF miles for a 3 segment trip, where the layover on the return trip is 3 days ?
I've made a reservation that I'd like to hold for 24 hours (maximum) prior to paying. I don't see this option...
I recently had to change my flight because of a family emergency and was charged $150 but told I could request $100 refund if I could get a letter from the hospital. I do have the letter and would li
I'm booked for a flight leaving San Francisco at 7:30PM to arrive 5:30AM in Auckland. Is there no meal service because the presumption is that I shall be sleeping the entire flight?
I have 5 tickets I want to farelock. the summary shows farelock on 2 of the tickets (for kids) but not for the 3 adult tickets. I need to make sure all 5 tickets are on hold for me.
"i'm getting an error message reading: """"we could not process your request. please see the message below and make revisions."""" but there is no message and no empty information"
ANOTHER QUISTION IS WHAT IS THE MEANING OF REGINAL UPRAGDES & GLOBAL UPGRADES MENAING.??
Can I carry on a single 750 ML bottle of corked wine (not opened or do I have to put that in a checked bag?
we have reservations tomorrow from PVR to ORD for the direct flight in the afternoon for three people in business class ... -------------------------------------------. We understand that there is a s
i am trying to remove the seat selection for an economy plus seat as i accidentally hit the button, how do i remove it
I was on flight -- ### (ORD - PHO) on January 8 and forgot a travel case of CDs and DVDs. Who would I contact to see if this has been found and if I can pick them up at PHO airport?
Hi, my wife is travelling tonight from Brazil to Indianapolis, and needs weelchair assistance, how can I have that set for her ?
"I told you I did exactly what it tells to do with the combine duplitcate Mileageplan accounts so many now and it still says that: """"Java Exception: java.lang.NullPointerException""""."
I will not need a return flight for this. I only need a one way flight. how do I specify that on the return date line?
---- I have a forelock on a price and for my husband I pit the initial of his middle name not the full name. Wu
We are flying from Boise, Id on 4/20/13 flying through Denver (ONLY)and we want to return on 4/25/13 and have a layover in Denver, continuing on to Boise on 4/26/13. Is this possible and what will it
i am travelling with two children and unable to book a seat. Why?
traveling with a dog I tried to call in to make sure I would be able to do this and could not speak to a live person.
for my flt tomorrow- I understood I had an aisle seat and now I am in a center-what happened?
i was making resevations to see my father next weekend 2-6 feb(heart surgery) and accidently made the reservations for the following weekend 9-13 feb,i already paid for the tickets what would it cost
My husband and I would like to fly from Toronto (approximately end of March or early April to China and be back to Toronto in 3 weeks.
You've sent me a change from flight #219 on 8, Feb 2013 to Flight #141 on same day & time. However you changed my seats from 30H&J to 28K&L. What are the seat changes? I paid extra for seats 30H&J!
I had a horrible experience with cname- with two cancelled flights and a loss night in Australia and lack of sleep. How do I get compensated?
I am trying to apply a Travel Discount Certificate from my Chase Credit Card, but the system says my number is not valid. The certificate is good through12-31-2013.
I opened the Mileage plan account today but I want to include my previous travels, how do I do thatw
I'd like to put my reservation for award travel on hold for 24hrs. How do I do that?
How do I cancel remember me in my account profile when I go on to your website. I would rather sign in each time I need to check my account.
I would like to secure seat assignments for our trip from Tampa to Newark - today when we came down they assigned our seats and had our ten year old kids sitting by themselves on the airplane - this d
i am supposed to get 30,000 miles by signing up for the progaram. when do i get the 30,000 miiles...after i fly on a trip??
I am writing to enquire about refund of mileage for unused ticket by my wife on ----- 12/26 and ------ on 1/5. Seat was upgraded to Business class using miles plus $600. Could you please advise refund
If we are a mileage plan member -------- do we get one free bag to check in?
I flew sufficient miles & qualified for Premier Gold in December 2012, a fact reflected on the account summary in cname-.com. Yet, today I received a package for Premier Silver 2013. Suggestions?
My mileage plan summary shows 0 miles, which is incorrect. Where should I look?
Hi, I'm trying to select my seat and cannot select mine. I can select one for my husband but, not for myself. Did I miss a question on the Mileageplan enrollement? We only want aisle seats across
Hi, I received a customer appreciation certificate in November 2012 for $100. I attempted to use it last night and it didn't work. the number is ################## Can you please advise what th
"I was a passenger on board Flight -- #### from Newark to Orlando on Jan. 26. I swiped my card next to the Direct TV monitor, but after the """"Safety"""" announcement, my screen became inoperative. Every ot"
I am a Premier status flyer. Why did I not get a cname- card identifying me for that status, that I can use for airport check in?
I just returned from a trip on cname- Airlines. They said I could add my miles to this account. How do I do that?
---- We have reservations on flight #### jan14th out of San Jose calif. Do we go to the cname- check in or Us air check in?
"I've booked an award ticket to Kathmandu Feb 26. I notice on two legs of the trip (not cname- leg) reservation says """"no meal."""" Can this be true for a business class ticket?"
I just entered my mileage number in connection to my trip that I recently returned. I wanted to make sure that I completed this correctly since I did it after the fact. I just returne last evening.
I have a question about Million Miler benefits. I recently acheived 1MM status with Mileage plan Gold for life. I'd like to know if I still need to fly 4 paid -- segments each year to get Mileage plan
I have run into a medical emergency related to my heart and need to talk to an agent. Can you help?
How can I make sure i still have the ticket for 1/15? can you check for me?
I'm on flight 144 HNL to IAD Want to know aircraft to determine what type of seat to expect
----, I will be treveling 2/12/13, gum to sfo, using mileage plan ticket. can i upgrade using mileage plan as payment. If yes, plse. advice how.
I want to make sure all my miles have been been credited for 2012. I flew back from Ixtapa on Dec.29th, which should have put me over the 25,000 miles needed for silver this year. Could you check pl
Hi ----, we've missed our flight because we can't find a driver's liscence, what can we do?
how do I know if I fall into a Premier Access category? Is there some place I can look it up on my account? Thanks
There are no available complimentary seats on flight ------. I do not want to purchase the ticket if the flight is oversold. Please advise
I would like to apply a travel voucher exchange coupon to purchase a ticket for this flight. How do I do this?
Hi there, my ticket number is ###############. I would like to possibly change my seat, however, I require a confirmation number. May I please have this.
Confirm # ------ I have no seat assignments for our ##### flight onTuesday. Is it 2A and 2B?
the ticket price for my trip says $300. until the page where I pay, then it says $320. Why?
I need to change my flight from tomorrow to the end of the week. It was booked through a government travel agent. How can I do this?
Hi ---- - I am going from Seattle, WA to San Jose, Costa Rica on April 15, 2013 and returning April 24, 2013. My friends made reservations yesterday on cname- departing flight 1129 through Houston (f
I need to call someone on the phone. I need a phone number. Plese provide so I can change the required info on the start up page...
Hi ----, my status in my Mileage plan account says I am Premier Silver. I used points at the end of 2012 from my account to maintain Premier Gold status. Can you please let me know what I can do to co
We traveled to Europe in summer 2012. My son did not have a Mileage plan number. I just created an account and would like to add his miles to his mileage plan account. How do I accomplish this?
Not sure that my final question got through, but ----- (my mother-in-law) needs wheelchair assistance throughout her trip. Can you help her get that assistance for the cname- portion of her trip?
REF: ------------------- - I NOTICE THAT FOR JED-FRA SECTOR, NO AWARD MILES ARE SHOWN THAT GO TOWARDS MY MILEAGE plan ACCOUNT. PLEASE CLARIFY. EMAIL ME AT --------------
wife and i flew round trip last august to california i dont see any miles credited to my account whats up with that?
I am trying to find a reservation I bought using Visa Award Pts. It is confirmation ##########, ---------------------. Can you help with this? I want to look at the seat assignment changes cname- mad
i need to speak to someone on the phone about my flight tomorrow. please give me a number to call
My husband's flight was changed by the airline and the new flight will not work for him. How can i change it again?
i need to speak to one of the representatives over the phone, which # do i call?
I have flight credits I want to use. how do I apply to an itinerary?
I have selected flights for using award miles and want to hold it for few days. how can I do that?
-------- ----, ticket confirmation ######, booked Jan19, cancelled and rebooked a different flt within 15 minutes of booking original.Ticket number #############. ticket total $1411.12
the website assign a new MilesPlus number to me (--------), but it does not have my miles credits
Orbits and Kayak list various versions - --.com says there are no flight at all ... not sure what to do book through
Hi I have a code from a flight that was delayed over night. They told me to go on here and give the code in order to receive a voucher but I'm unsure of where to go
i need 2 tickets from shanghai china to columbus ohio on the 27th ,i have enough miles for 1 and i want to buy another ticket so we can sit togeather,can you help me?
Again, I don't have a reservattion yet. I want the know all the costs first.
Yes or no can I take a razor for my legs in my carry on
I am flying cname- for a flight in May and just received an e-mail saying that the flight got moved to an earlier time. Am I able to move that flight back to the afternoon?
Can I use my miles to buy a ticket for a friend or grandchild, in other words,use my miles to buy someone else a ticket.
I left my new account number and pass word at home in Colorado and I need it. I still remember my old number and password. I need your help.
Hi, I made a mistake in spelling of the name on my reservation. How to fix that?
i dont want to use awards on my return flight only my outgoing flight what do i do now
i bought a flight on expedia.com and got a confirmation from them but filed to receive one from cname- airlines. I want to make sure my flight is in fact booked
I used an old cancelled reservation last week to make a new reservation. That old reservation still had $ value left on it, but I cannot find it now. Can I still use it to book another flight?
I can not find my mileage plan card. Can you help me get connected?
I don't need to enroll, I just need to confirm whether or not I am booked...the airline confirmation number I was provided does not show up...can you help me?
"I'm trying to get my ticket on-line but it keeps telling me to """"make a choice for travel insurance"""" which I have done several times. Please help!!"
My printout of my flights do not show what terminal letters or numbers I arrive at and depart from, I am trying to get that info.
please i like to know what was the error.I must Know what information to give for my mileage plan .What I have now is -----------
I am not able to select seats because they show to all be filled but I am traveling with an infant. I am not going to book the ticket without guaranteed seat assignments. Do you have a suggestion
I took a round trip this week with US Air. I want to get those miles credited to my cname- Mileage plan account. How do I do that?
I was making a reservation using miles and somehow clicked on something midway and did not finish--how can I find it?
I am planning on checking only 1 bag containing my scuba equipment. I am unclear in reading the baggage policy if I will be charged additional $ if my bag exceeds 50 lbs. Can you clarify please
If I have a boxed sport item that is 33 inches X 20 inch X 9 inches thAT ways 36 lbs. I/m on an International flight from Milwaukee to Netherlands. Can I make this my second piece of luggage or what
i am flying from ewr to cle and i dont have any id proof with me so can i fly
I cannot find my confirmation number for my flight Paris - Newark on Monday. Can you help?
why can't I proceed. Name I entered is exactly the same as on my card
please check up -------- checking flight # #### or not .thankyou
I am wondering if my company put my One Pass miles on my last two work trips that I took. Would you please check
I was told that it was in Houston and would be in Newark on flight 711. The tracking web site says iit is in the processing mode. Whaqt is the real deal
ij ust purchased a ticket but noticed the return date is incorrect- can i change it?
i cannot seem to find my flight confirmation with your airline and i need help. Boston to Denver February 28th. last name ------, firts name -------
I pick a seat, but it does not show up by each paa
What days of the week do you fly to Bombay, India and vice versa?
I have a credit that I want to use. How do I use it to pay for this ticket?
i want to call cname- mileage plan. what is your phone number?
I left something on a flight and they told me to go on-line to report it. Where do I do this?
are bevarges free or do we have to pay for that as well
Hello. My question is for 2 of our connecting flights we do not have assigned seats. I was just wondering what that means. Will we just get seat assignments upon check in or do we not have seats?
Hi ----, I've been attempting to purchase 2 tickets on for a flight to Washington DC. Your system is not letting me select seats. Can you help?
I'd like to book reward travel from IAH to NYC. I'd like to get four tickets using three accounts (mine, my daughter's, and my wife's). How might I do that? Thanks
I upgraded a ticket to economy plus and was charged 2 times. One charge was 69 and one was 51. Is this an error?
---- can you please help me with my information, I cannot get my boarding pass at this time when I was doing the check in , it is saying to see a representative at the airport for assistance, I need
I purchased the ticket on the US Airways website but it was for a cname- flight. Does that make sense. Do I contact US Air?
Traveling with a party of 2 and want to take advantage of mileage plan balance on the departng flights. is that possible.
I don't have my cname- # I want to use mileage plan to book. Pls
When trying to log in, you say that my account number and name do not match. They do! How do I proceed?
---- I booked the two tickets for for 804 but when l looked at my pay pay bill -it showed a cost of $1198- I bought no insurance can you tell me why this is?
I have miles I need to add. How do I add these miles I already have? Thanks for your help with this matter. ---------
Is there a phone number for cname- that I can get a sure answer?
When I book a stay at a participating hotel it says I earn 250 miles a stay. Is that the same as 250 miles a night? As in if I book a room for 2 nights do I earn 500 miles?
------ and ------ ARE HUSBAND AND WIFE TO HONOLULU. bOTH ARE HANDICAPPED AND NEED SEATS TOGETHER. pREFER ONE WINDOW FOR LEFT SHOULDER PROTECTION DUE TO RECENT SURGURY.. PLEase help arrange
If I reword my question, will you ask me to reword my question?
I have earned 25,406 qualifying miles in 2012 but my status shows member instead of silver why?
I am trying to check in my baggage. I have one bag I am checking and an infant car seat. It won't allow me to pay the $25 for by luggage why is that?
When we try to check in online we are told we cannot, can you tell us why?
I am having problems signing in to cname--. When I enter my username and password, a screen saying code 506 pops up.
I have not received a bill in several months. Not sure what the problem is.
I want to take off the parental control on HBO Go how do i do that
Our phone is not working. ############. You can call my cell phone ############
Channel lineup prints everything. I want to know just what is in my package.
I am trying to upgrade my TV service to provide more channels but can't figure out how to do that online - seems only complete packages are available. Should I just call you guys on the phone?
Not happy with price increase, want to change my service. What are my options?
I need to update my card number for autopay. how do I do that?
are you having a problem with your payment system this morning. I am trying to make a payment and it won't take a payment
how do i get to my email? i don't want tot change anything on my account.
I need to update the credit card I use for autopay. Can I do this online?
I can't sign into my e-mail account. Before I can completely sign in, the form tatae my time has xpiredand I CONTINUALLY have too try again.. WHY???
I just got laid off and I may need some assistance for payments. How can you help?
Site won't let me log in to email for last three days, still out now
DVR will not record shows. It shows the red record light at the right times but does not show up in the list
I set up readable voicemail but I am not receiving any emails when I get messages. I have it turned on and listed 2 email addresses. What am I doing wrong?
i want to watch onDemand shows on line away from my home, how can i do that
I am getting a certificate error on my desktop. How do I fix this?
please fix your sign in issues, every time i try to pay my bill i end up having to create a new password and it is really irritating
cannot login to email. ---------------------. did not accept passoword and when I changed it, it wont accep that ether. please call me at ############
I am not getting a clear signal on CBS High Def digitat, what can be done about it?
Are there two email accounts? One of the user names keeps rejecting emails sent to it.
I still want a paper bill. Can I still have one if I give you my email address?
i currently have cname-- gold.. i would like to decrease my expenses.. what can i get
I'm at the Super 8 in West Branch, Mi. Our sister hotel, Quality Inn in West Branch, Mi doesn't have any phone service - no calls coming in or going out. Can you help?
Any deals on cname-- services--need to reduce monthly fees. What can you provide and thanks
why are you asking me to up date my user name all i want todo is pay my bill
I need to change my credit card for auto pay. Where do I go?
my name is spelled incorrect on my statement please change to ---- -------- act number ################
I over paid my bill (bill was $238 and I paid $241. The system still shows a balance due of $33.54 by 10/30. How can that be?
i'm enrolled in auto pay but my bill didn't get paid last month, WHY?
Since the new cname- pname--- email I cannot open my emails on any device except my I-Pad. I assume this is a setting issue can you help me with this?
I need to set up a payment for a later date. How can I do that?
I want to disable voicemail and call waiting. How do I do that?
I would like to register to watch on espn chanels but ido not remember the usenam and pass word.
Hello my name is ------------------. I stopped my account, but you have not not send my check yet.
I would like to set up online direct payment but cannot log in.
I am trying to watch online but my username and password are not working
not able to get into my E-Mail. Know my Info but not able to get in
I was able to access billing with no problem, but when I try to access email I cannot. It opens but closes instantlt.
"why do I keep getting a message reading ""session logged out due to inactivity"" while I'm trying to put in my password?"
I have been unable to get into my email for 3 days. I need this fixed Asap.
if we put in an email to make an account will it automatically send bills there? we would like to continue getting paper bills and paying on the phone.
I'd like to take the DVR off of my service - how do I do that
I want to sort mail in my in box by sender. Can this be done?
This is my first time trying to pay on line what do I have to do
I need to know if you would mind doing a speed test for me?
I need up update my credit card on auto pay. How do I do this?
I have my accoun set up to auto pay on or around the 17th of every month and I need it to change to between the 2nd and 5th. How can we make this happen?
Can't get in pname--- app to watch tv and I just ordered it
I need to reduce some of the services I get from cname-- like discontinue my fax service
I don't want to chage my log in information. I want to continue recieving my statement by IS mail
I'd like to call someone about my account. What is your phone number?
I've reported for several years that i can't receive any of the music choice channels. What can i do to finally get this problem resolved?
I was trying to see if there any possible way I don't get paid until Friday can I pay my bill then
I am only interested in internet right now and wireless router so i can have wifi at my house. How much
My account will not stay logged in. When I select a tab a warning pops up stating my session will be logged out due to inactivity then immediatley logs out
Where can I get a digital converterr to connect to and use an older TV? an older TV
my first bill was 70 dollars it said for installation or whatever
Trying to set up a pass word but it wont accept any of my choices. What do they want. Im using numbers and letters
I cant get my email email says 0 that can not be correct
"My cable box is not working, it has ""E1:97"" displayed, I have tried resetting. Any suggestions?"
I cant log in to my Emails.When I click onto the mailbox Icon it wont open.Can you help me?
Hi I am just trying to pay a bill online would you be able to help me?
I cannot send an email to a business contact. This is not spam?
My visa acct no. has changed. I can't find any way to change the number. How do I?
I need to cancel my phone service. What is the best way to do this?
I can't create a usename that works. can someone take care of this problem?
I would like to change the billing (source of funds) on an account - how do I do that?
says total Balance due by 22 OCT $83.376 thats on top of page, next down says $256.66 due 22 OCT why what
I need to get copies of bills or evidence of payment back to March 2013--how do I do that?
is your payment form not working right now? I've tried several times
There is some kind of interference when my TV is on and a large vehicle drives by or I use my microwave. The picture freezes and often disappears until said object has passed. Could it be a groundin
Existing internet plan is expiring ina month. My question is WILL you continue same offer to me or not. ------
Can i get a channel guide booklet for much quicker channel search? i really need one ---------------------------------------
The following codes do not work for my Proscan tv #####, ######, #####, #####, #####, I tried the search process and pushed channel up 1000 times and it never turn off my tv
After checking, all of my phones have only busy signals. I unplugged a unit with no result and also disconnected a phone from the telephone jack with no result. Please advise
Is there an option to have the actual statement emailed so I do not have to login to my account?
I'd like to remove a service from my account, can you assist me?
Hi. I was told that I would receive a credit on my first bill and it doesn't appear to be on it. Is there any way to check on this?
i need to update my card for auto pay,but it says auto pay pending. how can i update the card?
I have this dilema. I came back to cname-- from dish and you guys told me you would buy my contract from dish . I did the paperwork and still haven't seen a check.
I would like to add some channels to my roku how can I get this accomplished
hi, my first name is spelled wrong on my account. how do I change this
I cannot sign into my email. I changed my password and have done everything I know to do. help!
Some channels work downstairs and some doesn't work upstairs.. How to fix this?
I need to change my current pending payment to come out on 11/15/15 how can I do that
Hello. Currently reside in a location that offers 20 channels without charge. While I have Internet I am unable to access the cable via my television. Can you assist?
My Sign In has been locked out for about 4 hours. Please release it so that I can continue my struggle to get to my emails.
My computer has been locked out for about 4 hours. Please release the Sign In so that I can continue my day long struggle to gain access to my emails..
We are building a new home and will need cname-- setup. Who should I talk to?
"Hi, we are tryingn to set up showtime anytime but it will not let us because the ""primary account holder"" has to set it up first. I have no idea what that means. We are putting in our account user i"
i need to talk to someone regarding follow up from a service visit we had last week. the man who came last week said a 2nd person would be coming to finish the repair job and that never happened.
Please help fix this problem. When I sign in email, I don't my listing of emails. I continually get the Sign in screen. Thanks -----
I am having trouble setting up email on my new phone. It is a motorola droid turbo 2
New customer. My tv power is on and my converter box is on but I don't have a signal. Was working earlier until I turned off. I believe it has to do with the system power and power button on my remote
I need to change my plan or something because I can't pay $220.00 every month and I wanted to know if I could change to the pname--- that is 175 cvhannels including some movie channels or can you help
Hi, thank you, I am having trouble logging in with my home phone number and service address zip code. I need help logging in to my account. Can you help me?
Please cancel an appointment for ------ house. #### ------ ---- drive. home number ### ### ####. cell ### ### ####. The problem resolved. I do not have 1 hour to call and wait to tell someone.
Can you tell me the status of my set up in my new home? I have new construction and ordered cname-- Communication services several weeks ago. My Name and new address is: ---------------------------
i am trying to apply my $20 coupon and i dont seem to know how
We have added cable service to our account. However when I log into my cname-- account I am not able to watch a TV show or movie on my account. What are we missing?
calls are not coming in or they drop off when I am on the phone with customers..sounds like a technical issue that requires someone t come out
I need to change the head of household and admin on my account. The original account is in my husbands name and he is now deceased. How can I change this?
I receive more than one bill from cname--, the information I can find only appears to be for my internet service, where to I find the information for my phone bill, which is under a different account
what channel # is the fox business network? I would like to watch the republican debate tonite and can't figure out what station #...the sources I've tried keep pointing me to #238 which is a spanish
i just received notice that my debit c rd had expired and my auto pay did not deduct. i just updated auto pay with new bank info. will my auto pay no go through or do i need to do something else
"how can I setup auot pay for this acctount ""for the 16th , if possible"
I do not have a mobile phone. system will not let me update username without one. what doI do?
hello ~ I don't remember out user name or password but the system won't let me reset. Please let me know what I need to do. Thanks
i would like to lower my bill. Is there any lower cost packages
You started billing a different credit card on Auto Pay. I want my original card billed. How do I change it back
I keep getting bills but set up auto bill pay. Can u verify I'm ok?
I'm trying to set up a wi-fi router. can't seem to get it done.
The service I have is for a summer residence. I want to suspend service until next spring, how do I do this?
Im head of household, but your shit software won't let me pay my bill, so that must mean I don't have to pay it.
ok what do I press on the cname-- remote to program to my tv?
When I go to your speed test page it says that it has been replaced with F lash movie what is that the page is blank
the modem is not recognizing my PS3 and I need to open some ports, how do I do that?
trying to find out why my modem isnt working at ---------------------------
We have had an outage for at least 10 of the last 30 days. We have had 3 service calls. No adjsutment or offer has been made. I expect one and would like to be contacted at ############.
My sign in won't work and I can't spend the time trying to call someone. Advice?
My internet is ridiculously slow. This has only occurred recently. Has my service changed?
"I sign into cname--.net to get into my emails. But I can't get my emails to come on. I get a message that says ""this xml file does not appear to have any style information associated with it. The do"
trying to sign in to my e-mail account....after I enter the username and password, system keeps going back to the sign-in page...Please help
I need to talk to a representative about a question I have.
My name is spelt wrong on my account. How can I correct it?
I have my new credit card to pay my account How do I do tt
I haven't given anyone my new phone number yet I'm getting 10 calls a day asking for me, why is this happening?
My bill is too high, how can I get a lower rate
My password is not working on remote computers only my computer at home
I am trying to find out if I move to a different location in the state can I take my existing package with me?
I would like to talk with someone about my business - adding/removing services. What's the best number?
don't know what was pushed but VCR recording is on screen and can not get it off
I am able to sign in on cname--'s website, but when I use the log-in information on a network site to watch a show, I get an error message that the username/password is not valid. How do I fix this is
I need to pay my bill . I dont want to sign in. just pay it online
i want my old homepage with the news and weather on it. NOT this one.
I did not receive a bill this month. What do I do?
I received a 20 credit for my bill but can't apply it. Can you help?
I am unable to send/recieve messages at ------------------. server response: invalid user name or password. Can you help?
Can chromecast be used to mirror the cname-- pname--- tv app to my tv from my o
I would like to drop my cname-- accunt that I have and go to pname--- how do I do this
Hi my name is ----------- I was wondering if I have to put money down before they come out to connect my cable
I need a lot of help is there a phone that I can call to help me with the sign in
I ordered cname-- Service this morning. I want to make sure that my e-mail was recived to accept terms and policies was comfrimed.
when i put in my user name and password o watch espn undr cname-- it says username and password is not correct so what am I doing wrong?
I'm trying to get my cname--.net Home Page back! How do I do that?
I'm moving and dont get cname-- there. I need to cancel my service in a few weeks. What do i need to do?
I am having internet problems. Please help me. This happens every day at this time and again late in the evening.
I am on autopay and want to change my credit card. I don't see anywhere on my account on the web how to do that. Can you help?
I just got cname-- internet and phone services and although my phone on my desk works, my kitchen phone and the phone in the living room doesn't. Is there something I can do to check them or do I need
i am currently building a new house and need to bring service underground through the street to my house. i was just wondering what i need to do to do this
cannot access my cname-- email using os x 10.11.1 el capitan on my mac laptop. All other email accounts can be accessed
our account number is ################ we have been on autopay for quite sometime but now are getting notices that we are behind in payments why
i went to agree with the user agreement from my email for my order comfermation and it gave me an error. do i need to do that to complete my instulation?
yesterday my computor and phone were both out, tv was on, this morning computor is on, but no phone service, i cannot even call cname--. pls help
I am having a problem getting into my email. It was comprimised and my bank account hack. I changed my password. But now it keeps searching
Can I make an appointment to have someone come to our home and look at our wifi service and see why it is performing so poorly?
i cant set up my new account username it keeps redirecting me to another area and i cant figure out hwo to set it up
both of m,y cable boxes are not working is there somewhere i can get them replaced.
What's wrong with Fox News Channel (Fox and Friends) in Gothenburg, Ne
I just made a payment online but could not tell if it posted or not because it did not give a confirmation. Can you verify that it did go thru?
I have a late payment due tomorrow but I need an extension. Is that available
I'm not able to sign in. I'm being told my sign in is not secure. What to do?
My payment is scheduled. Just dawned on me. I did not get an email.
I want to watch Cleveland Cavaliers and New Yorks Knicks. I need help.
My screen is showing $118.73 due but bill only shows $105.96 which is correct. What's going on?
I have user name but when I click forgot password and enter the right information it tells me that what I entered doesn't match your records. please help
I moved one of my DVR's to another TV and I now do not have access to any cname-- TV. What am I missing.
My cable box stopped working what can I do to get it to work
What download speed should my internet be, based on the package I am paying for?
When I signed up I was told that my monthly bill would be 102.16. Last month it was 103.42. Now this month it is 104.21. Is this not breach of contract: to quote one price and then raise it (twice)?
Why am I loosing channels for hours or days at a time. Different channels on different days?
trying to sign upto watch an event on nbc sports on line.. asking for my account info
I am ----, need to find the closest location to return equipment
Picture quality & audio are poor on channel 4 only (CBS). Please advise
our phone number is coming up as ------------- on our friends phones when we call them how do we get that corrected so it reads our name our account number is ################ and the phone n
I have tried several times to create a username for cname--.Net and it will not allow me to, why?
everytime i try to change my settings cname-- website logs me out,how can i change my settings
Before I had cname-- pname--- I would open safari and a cname-- home page would come up. It had headline news stories and links to TV show guides. Now all I get is this pname--- page. How do I get t
"Want to check my email, but ""cname-- mobile e-mail"" pops up and is a blank page. How do I get my email?"
My cname-- cable says not authorized. This has happened before. I am part of a condo association that pays for service for all units. Who do I contact? This happens every time I go away. Last time it
I currently have cname--, all but the phone, if I decide to bundle what would it cost.
Just got my cname-- wi-fi installed with cname-- router. Technician didn't make mention of how I'd find my wifi network name or what the password is, can youi help?
Just wondering about internet speeds. My cname-- pname--- seems to be slower than normal.
i use to have the cname--.net home page that gave me live updates of news and sports , where is it now
emails will not display after I sign in?? I'm getting no response from cname-- when I inquiry? What's wrong?
cname-- cable service is down at my house in Reno, NV. When will it be restorted?
i cannot access my email function.I cannot sign in and my password has been changed twice at cname--'s auto request.the cname--/pname--- has been useless.can someone please assist me.i have my account
I have lost cname--.net as my home page. How can I correct this
I am long time customer of cname--, phone #############. Can you help me with retention? I need to reduce the cost of my plan by making some changes.
Any deals on cname-- services--need to reduce monthly fees. What can you provide and thanks
I cant create a username to pay my bill, I get this message: Based on the info you entered, please visit connect.cname--.com to create a new username
I have a business account, and I need to setup a user accunt so I can access cname-- TV online. I have my account number and security code. Am I able to do this?
I have cname-- internet only but up until today I have been able to watch tv on my computer now I cannot how do I fix whatever to watch tv again
I need to talk to someone at cname---What number do I call?
after filling in cname-- pname---'s information numerous times I still cannot access my email. How do I access my email?
i received a kindle fire about 4 months ago and it wont hold a charge, what do I do
can i use a internet box that is not leased thru cname-- if i buy my own box
I have cname-- Internet service what should I be getting for Internet speeds?
how do I create an account, it keeps telling me to go to connect.cname--.com
Since the new cname- pname--- email I cannot open my emails on any device except my I-Pad. I assume this is a setting issue can you help me with this?
"About a month ago, I received a card stating ""informattion associated with your online account was changed."" What was that about?"
I had turned off the voice answering machine but it is back on and I can't access the message. I want to use my phones system.
can you please add HOH to my account so I can pay my bill online
i would like to know if i have the fastest internet i can get
Is there a constant issue with the billing button under my account?? The last several times I have tried to pay my bill I cannot get to the correct page to do so.
I am on my email but can't get off to get on anything else. What do I do?
the download speeds directly from the internet feed is coming in at download 63.36Mbps but the PCs operating off your Ubee router are extremely slow--18.81 download. Something must be wrong with this
I'm trying to log into my account but i forgot my password. and I can't find a security code on my bill can you help?
I was notified that an updated modem was available for my account. Can I verify this?
Hello...I am not able to connect to my email. Is there some kind of problem going on?
I was wondering: I have cname-- phone, & I have a caller that mistakenly thinks I am someone else, a case of mistaken identity, if you will - I have informed the person (whom I have never met) that I
I am a current cname-- customer with phone and internet, but not TV. I am thinking of dropping DirecTV and bundling all three with you guys. What kind of deal can I get?
I have autopsy through my credit card. The security code was changed. Do you need this information. At any rate, where would I go on this website to change this type of information?
After signing in, whenever I try to check my email, I get looped back to the sign-in page. Any idea why this is happening?
when my phone rings now the number comes across my tv screen. It's never done that before
Don't forget, we cancelled TV service and paid what they said we owed for upcoming billing cycle
I did not change my user name but it will not recognize it. Have tried last few days, several times. Did ATT mess this up? what happened?
hi i need to talk to some one about my internet speed problem
One of my channels changed to spanish (SAP) I dont know why bit how do I change it back to english
I want to set up my iPad & computer I've been trying for 2 days with no luck can I call someone and do it over the phone? If so who do I call, zip code #####
How do I print a the payment confirmation after I've already made the payment
I am enrolled in auto pay but would like to pay my bill for this month using a different method. Can I do that. And if so I want to make sure that an auto pay will not go through for this bill as well
How did I get a past due amount? I paid in October. Did I miss a month? Please let me know.
I am trying to get into my cname-- account and get my password...so I can change it
I am trying to sign in to my account online and repeatedly get this message: This XML file does not appear to have any style information associated with it. The document tree is shown below. <status>
If i pay my bill online will y service get turned back on immediately like when I call the payment in
I need to change the card on file for billing. Where can I edit my billing info?
looking to add NFL network and I don't know the bundle options with NFL network
I have talked with 6 or 7 experts(?) over the last week and each one has a different solution. Yet I still cannot receive personal emails. Is there anyone at pname--- who can fix my problem? It has
it says that i don't have any e-mail and i know i do please help???
How do I get my cname-- email account, with this new screen??????
i hate the pname--- how do i get my old cname-- back???
I am ------------. Last evening I went onto channel 2495 to upgrade my service to the Silver plan. I do not see that I have some of the channels that are a part of that service. Can you tell me why
"I am not receiving email. Is there a problem with my email address ""-----------------"" or with the server ? Thank you."
trying to find out why my modem isnt working at #### ------ ---- ------ hwy
is there a phone answering machine which works with pname--- phone so i can see if there are messages or not?
yes I put in my update info andchecked agreement notice now what do I do
I am working on a desk top which can send email, but my ipad and android do not send email, they say, the user name or password for SMTP: -------------------- is incorrect. How do I fix this
I'm not home but my daughter is and is wondering why our internet is down. She has re-set the router twice. What do I need to do?
Is there a problem with the service in the Wausau Wisconsin area with some channels like history, discovery, a&e etc???
hello. I selected a package along with some other options and it gave me a total of $183.00 ( included installation,etc.) is that my first months bill ?
Currently an email comes to me whenever the phone rings and when they leave a voicemail. I need to be out of the office and forward the emails to someone else. I cannot figure out how to do this.
"Everytime I try to access my bill online, the site kicks me out saying it is due to ""inactivity"" Even if it has been less than 2 minutes. Can you explain what is wrong here?"
I havn't signd in lately and I can not remember my password or user name. any way you could help?
I ordered new services last night, to be installed today. I would like to chat with someone to answer a few questions i have
Really would like to lower our monthly bill. What can we do to accomplish this?
HOW CAN I CONTACT AT&T IN THIS AREA? I UNDERSTAND THEY ACTUALLY THE CABLES AFTER INSTALLATION.
im trying to change my card number, but I cannot figure out how
My TV is displaying ref code -----. I refreshed on-line but didn't help. Can you send a refresh signal? Art
I want to watch live tv on my iPad. What can you do for me?
I want to pay my bill then set up auto pay...can you help me?
I received a coupon, but can't reeem it, what can I do?
You tell me to use the name and password I've always used but you do not accept them...why
why am i unable to connect with my user name and password? I am a new client and having problems. I think it is because of upper case/lower case in my password. HOW TO SOLVE THIS?
When I go ON-Demand it is frozen to go up and down to channels. What gives
I had an 8:00 appt for installation today but noone is here Can you help?
I just made online payment, did not get confirmation. Did payment go thr?
My statement says i owe $157.24 but the total balance shows as $164.59 on the website. Where is this discrepancy coming from?
Is there a problem with the website? I am trying to pay my bill.
can you pull up my account and see if I'm scheduled for interruption
"I get ""no signal"" on my TV. Nothing else. What do I need to do?"
I already updated my user name but it's asking for it again. What is going on?
my bill i received in the mail differs than the total i am being asked to pay, Why?
No - I did all that and I got a weird message
I have the pick 10 channels for TV and would like to make some channel changes. can this be done online?
If we are going south for winter do we have a box to turn in for internet
My TV is not working and hasn't been since late last night...are you working on a repair?
I need help understanding how to get back on the cname-- Home page
Hi. I have been told by some of my friends that they are getting spam that looks like it is coming from my cname--.net account. What can i do?
"why would an agent ""lie"" to me that Roku was not available in my area when my son who lives 3 doors from me has it. I don't need an answer, but request you pass this on."
HI I need to access the foxsport and watch the world series .. Help
how do I determine if I have ever signed in before? seems like finding username and password is like an endless loop.
right now I am paying for phone service through cname-- which we do not use/ do not have a home phone. Do i really need to be enrolled in that program?
I want to upgrade my tv package silver, how do I go about it ?
My account is auto deducted from my checking but it is showing me behind what is up with that?
Can't login into my email. Receiving a 500 Forwarding error. How do I fix?
I cannot get my e-mail to open. It keeps going back to the log in screen when I click on the e-mail icon. What is the problem?
hi ,my tv to my bedroom cable not working , may you resend signal .thanks
I need to order an extra receiver. Can I do it through the site?
I am trying to login and it is asking for my cname-- email address. I don't want to use my cname-- email address. Why won't the system let me login?
I am in Whitefish, MT. My internet is very slow today...unable to stream... Local issues?
cname-- is suppose to be fast but my computer is very slow. I would like to know what is wrong.
my hd isn't working on any of my televisions. I'm getting the local channels in standard definition. What do I need to do?
I HAVE A DISCONECT DATE OF 11/1/2015 AND I DO NOT GET PAID TILL THE 11/7/2015 AND NEED TO EXTEND IT TILL FRIDAY PLEASE
I need to cancel my service on November 6th, what do I need to do?
Our cable is not working. Is this something you can check remotely?
I just got the service installed on 10/31/15 and I received no email information or no way to use the mobile app. Help
what packages are available for existing customers. i need tv and internet
This service is at my cottage. Is there a way to discontinue service (or suspend it) for a time and then reconnect? Trying to save $$ if we are not there for a month or two.
I'm considering cutting my cable off. It is so expensive. Is there anything you can do to help?
I have a snowy picture. I did all of the suggestions. The power light won't stay lit on the cable box. What do I do now?
my bill went up from $174.36 last month to $179.42 this month and I don't know why
If I want to send my payment by check, what address do I sent it to?
I would like to put my account on winter hold. Is there an online method or do I need to call in?
it wont let me pay mu bill it says im not hoh but iam
Your website keeps kicking me out. Says your session has expired. I have called and reset user name and pw. I've shut my computer down and rebooted. Other sites are working fine. Please assist on fixi
II do not want new pname--- services, I just want to use email.
I thought I had automatic payments set up, but apparently I don't?
I would like to call to speak with someone to get help with my problem
i would like to watch the sports package options. Can you assist me?
Hundreds of customers are experiencing download speeds of less than 10 Mbps. Are you fixing it?
I would like to drop the NHL package, how can I do that
If I have another location I want to link to this account how do I do so
My emails. contacts and folders have disappeared. How can I retrieve them???
I can change channels on my remote, but the other features don't work ...can you help me?
i cannot get on cname-- on demand, would you check and see why ?
My last payment has not been decucted from my chceking account posted 10/30 and now my bill shows I owe 64.99? why is this? thanks
Trying to watch pname--- through my Roku and it verifies my account, but goes back to the Roku home screen? Any suggestions on how to get it to launch.
How do I forward an email that I received without having to type each persons forward address?
I just paid over $100 last month for my internet and on my statement from 10/15 it said $0 was owed and now it says I owe $145 something is not right.
hello, my account shows the bill of 59.99 instead of 39.99, why that happen? thanks!
How do I be made HOH so I can make a payment
Just tried to sign in for the first time and it has locked me out. What's up?
Hi, may I ask you a question? My bill is 29.99/mo for internet only. This time it did increase 50%. Why and how is it possible? Thanks
Well I tried the tv service but I decide I don't want it can I cancel it and not be charged?
I need help. I'm signing in with a cname-- email address as my user name. It's not asking me to create a new username, but it keeps sending me back to the sign in page. What do I need to do?
We are trying to view our final bill with cname--, but cannot log in to access this information
I would like to set up an account, but it does not reconise our account number or las name, what next?
Every time I try to update my information it tells me my session has timed out. What's going on
why does it say my password doesnt match their info over & over
I would like to know which channels are included in the expanded basic service.
For how long will I get internet and phone for currant price?
none of the above. We got a message asking for an update
Hi, I have a concern. When I signed up with you all my bill for internet was $29.99. Once that special price ended, it went up to $44.99 where it remained. But now it's up to $59.99 and I have receive
The DVR is not working on one tv. It is not the main cable box. This DVR is working. Suggestions
with my currant package would it be cheaper to switch to pname--- or not
I am trying to dispute 2 bills on my credit report. How do I do this
when will i get the early termination check so i can send it off
why am i being told my user name is not available. It is me. I have been using it for over a year.
My digital receiver doesn't seem to be working. I get a black screen and every time I hit settings or guide buttons, it says to press power button to power on your cable receiver.
I am unable to complete auto pay right now, am I doing anything wrong?
Hello, after running netstat at the command line, I observed over 90 connections to my computer. What should I do?
why do I have to update my usernamw? I am fine with the one I have.
would like to put my account on vacation starting 12/01/15 and ending 05/31/16.. can you do that for me??
I do not want to pay with AUTO pAY I JUST WANT TO MAKE a monthly payment online each month.
I need to downgrade my bundle package, how do I do that?
I have a cable box that will not power up, what should I do?
i tried to pay my bill online but I did not get a confirmation number. Did my payment go through?
I made a payment of 354.61 and it doesn't have that on my account I just want to make sure it was posted to it.
i want my old homepage with the news and weather on it. NOT this one.
I am moving from Zip Code ##### to ##### and its internet only, I need to know what procedures I need to take to make this happen .
I am not at home but want to record a program. How do I do so online?
My phone and internet is out. Who do I contact for service?
Just got cable .... Have no idea what changes I can reciv
My bill has been $59.98 monthly, but now is $71.98, why did it go up?
Why am I having so much trouble trying to get a user name and password
How do I change HOH username back to original email username of ---------??
I can not access my account . I don't remember my id.
I am trying to change the credit card information on for auto pay in my account. How do I do this?
i am moving to another floor within my building and would like to have my equipment relocated. what should i do?
keeps taking me to support site. I just want to pay my bill
I am looking at my bill...when i pull it up online one place states due by 11/5/15 $338.54 but then another place states balance due $0.00 so not sure if i owe anything
How can I view incoming calls to my home phone...or can I?
I want to block a few specific websites - how do I do that?
I wish to remove one dvr from my home. How do I arrange it?
i can recieve but not send mail from my android phone in Mexico. What are the correct settings for the outgoing server
my computer keeps saying there is a conflicting IP address. What do I do?
My new cname-- cable has all channels temporarily off air, please check back later. Is that my modem problem or what?
Did I purchase the modem outright or do I rent it and pay for it each month?
i need to update my credit card - the link isn't working?
What is wrong with the website? I've been trying to login to pay my bill for two days and can't get past the sign-in screen.
receiveing error code 500 forwarding. Can't check my email this morning. help
I need help signing in to my account. When I try I get an error message
Why does this come up when trying to sign in? <status><status_code>500</status_code><message>Forwarding error</message></status>
My sign in won't work and I can't spend the time trying to call someone. Advice?
I am having trouble getting into emails, is there a system problem?
No. It takes me to an error page when I log in.
why am I getting this error message This XML file does not appear to have any style information associated with it. The document tree is shown below. <status><status_code>500</status_code><messa
I am trying to access my e-mail to get to my contacts. I cannot.
why if each thing is 29.99 to budle phone tv and internet why is my bill 213 every month
What is this? This XML file does not appear to have any style information associated with it. The document tree is shown below. <status><status_code>500</status_code><message>Forwarding error</m
Hi. Our debit card was replaced, so 'autopay' stopped working. how do I update my card on 'autopay'? Cancel and restart?
Why is my internet so slow? I am paying for 60mbps and the best I get is 15.
Once I log into my email account, I click on my inbox and i get redirected back to the sign in page.
my name is ------------- at ------------- is my account set up online i need to pay my bill
After signing in with my new password I still cannot view my email Please help I don't know what else to do. thanks
I need to have my router replaced. How do I get a replacement sent to me?
Why is my internetso slow an why is it buffering so much when I go to sitessuch as hulu?
I just tried to rent a movie and was told to call the company regarding my account's outstanding balance. I logged into my account and see I have a $0 balance. What is the problem?
trouble getting email set up on new cell phone. Is name the name on account or family members name?
Ican not remember my user name or my password can you help?
I have a question about the pname--- App on Roku and how that works.
I have experienced a partial outage of cable tv since Oct 8. When is this going to be fixed?
I need to know the proper settings for my MacBook Pro to receive and send messages from the mail program on my mac??
no I can sign in but when I go to email it takes me back to sigh in
I was watching a movie on Hallmark channel last night when it froze and stopped working. I was watching the same movie today and it froze in exactly the same spot. Can you please let me know how this
is there something wrong with your site - i keep getting an error message
we had a power outage yesterday and since then our menu states that it is being restored. Still has not come back. when will this be restored
We were told that we would be getting local channels in HD and we cannot find those anywhere?
how can I select more thatn one email at a time to delete a group of them quickly
Someone is using my account email for their use how can i stop these emails
to update do I have to agree for my bill to come to my emai.
My pname--- app isn't working on my roku player, it was working fine yesterday. How do I fix it?
i am trying to set up an account it wont let me
having an issue with my internet connection, can I report this online or do I need to call in?
The last name on our account is spelled wrong, how can I correct it?
Why do I have to give you a emial address to send my bill? I do not want you to send my bill to an email address. I want my bill mailed to me
can i cancel my phone and tv online. i still want internet
Our company has cut a cname-- customer's internet cable and need to notify the repair department.
Is there a problem with billing? I am trying to make a payment and I see nothing on the screen.
I am being prompted to update my username. I do not want to do that. How do I bypass this?
I'm trying to find out when my tv service will be turn back on??????
"I keep getting ""mail system error"" messages, how do I stop them?"
Our internet connection is extremely slow and going in and out, what can I do?
I'm trying to sign in and it's telling me my session has expired due to inactivity. Please sign in?
your online system isn't recognizing any of my information what am i supposed to do
I do not recall the user name and the two suggestion that are coming up is not working
I you trying to say my phone number does not exist anymore,everytime i do something it always saying invaled number
Where it's asking me to update my username, I'm getting the impression that it would change me to online billing, which I DO NOT want.
our cable seems to be out this am are there outages in our area? -----------
I believe that I need a technician to visit my home to repair a cable that was inadvertently cut to my home
I need to cancel my TV services, can you help me do that?
Just got new internet service and I need a guide to set up the wifi on our electronics.
After I followed the instructions to update my username, I cannot do online payment any more. Could you help to fix it?
I can't get into my account information to pay my bill can you help?
Iam currently at work and i am trying to accsess TV on my PC, do I need to sign up for this?
Hello. I tried to move an important e-mail from my junk folder to my inbox in outlook, and it is nowhere to be found. Is it possible to get it back somehow?
What's going on with the website? I've tried to make a payment three times and it keeps saying it fails.
I am on my mother's account-she has never signed into her account and I would like to set it up for her-she lives in another city-how do I go about this?
hello, i had a question regarding my bill. Can you help me with that?
I am trying to log into an existing account, Says the bill will be sent to my email address. What bill are you talking about???
I can open my inboc on my Kindle but not on my desktop. Why?
Hello. I have a bundle that includes telephone service however, the technician did not leave me with information stating my telephone number. Can you uplease let me what my phone number is?
My flat screen view has changed from full screen to just visible in the center as a box. How do I get it back to full screen?
while on phone for several minutes the button tones change and no longer operate correctly, how can this be fixed
i want to change credit card for auto pay - how do I do?
I'd like to schedule a transfer of service to a new address. I don't see why I have to turn in my equipment. Can't I just choose a date and move with what I have?
I am having a problem with this Update Your Username page. I only want to sign in. Please assist.
I want to add a doctor to a folder i have under doctors folder how do i do taht
why are people that send me email, getting a message saying it is undeleverable? yet I get the email?
My internet is out at ------------- in -------------- our neighbors have internet ...... we tried to reboot and it wouldn't reboot. T.v. is not working internet is not working
Fox News Channel has been unwatchable today, and really the last fews days. The picture is blurred and sound is slurred. Cnn and other channels are also not working correctly.
"several of my emails are not readable. They seem ""encripted"" How can I fix this?"
i can not get into my online account. i need to make service changes.
When reviewing a sent e-mail find it needs to be edited and resent How do I.
with the silver option can the service e suspended for a period of time when we are out f the area?
you all has everything in your displaying accept how to get your the step I need because I do't understand how.
